willintune african brothers killing their people because of religion and tribe. why do we do this to ourselves? where is love? where is humanity?
theview theview so meghan mccain retweets something from a right wing fox news pundit, aka nutjob. making fun of joe bidens religion, catholicism. meghan is toned deaf & adds to the division in this country. embeddedurl
“army make some noise” by jimin is my religion embeddedurl
khaakhun there is no compulsion is religion,for you it's ur religion for me it's my religion...respect all the religion and do not criticise ..leaving or accepting any religion is ur personal choice
religion is nt a matter to crack joke abt it...respect each others religion is d duty of all & its others rights too if i crack a joke/criticise abt/on thn u can do so on me..can b considered.. bt u cant & should nt crack joke on others religion.. embeddedurl
sandeep33654692 karangi98182345 diljitdosanjh converting to different religion is one's own decision. open your eyes wide and see how many christians converted to sikhi across europe and north america. what's the purpose of this debate? andh bhakt moron. farmersprotest
if you truly wish to change hearts & minds in matters of politics or religion, just remember: your kindness is always more persuasive than your rightness.
constitutionofthesupremegod it is against the constitution of kabir god to fight in the name of caste and religion. we should all refute casteism and do full devotion to god. for more information watch saint rampal ji satsang on satlok ashram youtube channel. embeddedurl
gemsofbollywood maharashtra needs a renaissance. the govt and all the officials there are so corrupted that they have made corruption a normal thing for the people especially youth living there. they have slowly & gradually deprived them of their religion, its value and its greatness.!
saifalikhan aliabbaszafar tandav why don't you make series on your own religion n make fun of your own gods. just make one on your god then jusr see wht happens
kulisu86 iamthecap10 akuma_fh sirtalksalot202 tomragaert megatronnie christianity isn't the only form of religion.
talking to this lady made me realize you can't be very religious and be logical at the same time. logic and religion can't fit in the same box and it's disappointing. how you confidently be spewing so much nonsense even when you have the fact staring directly at your face.
dad walked in on me talking bad about him and religion i'm probably fucking dead. it was nice knowing everyone
1777 scarce french latin book in a beautiful bindery work - office de la quinzaine de paque - easter prayer. embeddedurl bookwithasoul finebinding 18thcentury religion spiritual christianity booklovers bookworm bookstore booknerd rarebooks bibliophile embeddedurl
remamw1 mtuflani _fels1 okay and while you’re at it,don’t get so trapped in the religion box that you fail to understand what faith actually means.
lmcgrew i mean valid criticism, but i’ll never be able to read a religion take from somebody who has astrology symbols in their name without chuckling.
gaganagrawal: rt hindolsengupta: there is no religion in the world which can be called 'false' with impunity as is done regularly to hinduism. this is an old hatred for the 'pagans', 'idolators', 'heathens', 'kafirs'. i'm all for annihilation of caste, … embeddedurl
rappers and their religion: embeddedurl
no religion, no politics, no caste, no regionalism, no divisions, hardwork & food unite us all humans. norepealnogharwapsi embeddedurl
astrology is basically just religion but cuter
i've officially decided that the next history book i write will be the biography of mirceaeliade. a fan in la reached out after listening to my newbooksnetwork podcast (my pinned tweet) & pitched the idea to me. i've always wanted to do a 2nd phd in religion+eliade is complex!
retweet if you get thrilled listening to this song retweet if you get proud of your religion while listening to this song retweet if you want to play this song 5 times a day by installing a mic so that the entire city hears it embeddedurl
rt theepicdept: nobody has invented a good new religion in a while. what's up with that
pineapples_xxx like u said at young age malays don't mind abt religion, that is the sole reason leading to them leaving the religion, and accumulate n sins. i have tried my best to change i cnt. i'm a sinner too. i'm just fed up f malays thinking moors are not progressive as they stick to islam
richie04184170 mrsinghcricump krisnair1 ...look at history, this country was broken in two based on religion by congress.....don't forget who is the true culprit.....any thoughts on this?
if "religion is doing this" then why not see what law1 means? you live it to build safety/peace but don"t demand it of them? what does jew/gentile mean? what's your solution? nonviolent end: nwo agenda 21; the passion of the christ; reset mocked embeddedurl embeddedurl
kaiosama_king vitamindiddy neruaelle what are you talking about..’my people’. ? are you not from our country. ? if you are talking about a religion, or a skin color, or sexual orientation, or whatever...then you have no idea what i’m talking about. but i wish you the best, sincerely.
karmankaurr there is no doubt there is only one religion in the world where the" seva " a true service for everyone is served without any discrimination of cast n creed. aa saare rab de bandey aa...
hulkcass10 exactly mate. if people are good enough they will get any job. we shouldn’t have to prioritise any colour, creed, sex, religion or sexual tendencies. pathetic really.
theradr ew. on behalf of people who claim to practice the same religion i do, i apologize
lwitchgirl angryblacklady angelarr56 freedom from religion.
darius_roberti filth_md it's a no for me. even if there are more men who've been bad doctors, it's not because of their sex/gender. a lot of women have these same views, whether it's because of religion or just being patriarchal or whatever. this is a very slippery slope and is a big fat no.
rt iamopele: religion answers no questions. religion forces you to accept someone's beliefs.
islam religion peace faith belief muslim muslims muslimah authentic abolish innovation quran hadith sunnah allah question answer qna embeddedurl
randallbone coconutdog01 antking66 donsvess they don’t - you think good actions from tax payer subsidised funds cleanse the vile ? it’s worked a treat in the past with religion ! how many cases of sexual abuse in religious schools and orphanages around the globe ? actions !
my religion embeddedurl
eangel4285 most religious people are not evil. but religion does appeal to evil sociopaths because it provides them with a veil of moral superiority to hide behind
strangercandy2 lorenzmaxwell documentbitcoin i think religion is holding back the true potential of humanity
zblox unthinkable how many lds folks have been swindled and given up the principles of their religion to defend a corrupt reality tv star who sleeps with porn stars.
kfile it's something that transcends politics, religion--these things are far less important than we think. it's our humanity that matters.
lylesollayates it’s a bit more complex - no country was really monolithic in its religion, and a good way out if you were in the minority was to take up mercenary service with a political faction of your sect
svizzerams secpompeo i see your point. i am not religious myself and would prefer him not to say this. but i also don't see it as a big issue. we hear a lot about god and religion during the gw bush presidency. and even obama's. including in the official speeches.
kobeanson hfufyegejdh oh i will hopefully soon the triangle spiral thing is just a plain emblem of the abyssal religion , ppl who pray for the eldritch god thats all i have for now o(-(
spideymark1 nekzaad amol_20011987 rosen77 sabrinasingh24 of course we have a 97 majority of course we won't allow a minority to rule a majority, but the chief justice can be of any religion, there was a hindu once, btw due to minority seats, it's easier for the minorities to get a job as their seats are reserved and our people are
deliana96339584 giles_fraser fox_claire it is you who have an ignorant and superstitious attitude towards religion. being a victim, one would guess, of the ludicrous atheist superstition.
whereimeetyou codeofvets what set you off bubba? i think christians honor others religion pretty well, however i don't think others religion honors christianity at all.. want to continue that debate
reforgeamerica ididndothat the disconnect in religion is what happens when people twist good ideas into things they are not, which happens always.
ginger_lici0us ding ding ding!!! you’re right! i know i just gave this whole spiel about religion in relationship to politics while not actually being religious myself, but i do still base my views off of the things that i learned from studying the bible. 1/2
yashar she really doubled down with the "patriot" language in her last update. breaking down how she defines herself: religion (big whoop dems are religious too), patriotism (again, how is this unique) and a trump supporter (so she voted for a man like we do every 4 yrs). how complex.
university an emergence theory of religion unittheme:vulnerability and reciprocity in the fieldwork encountersaturday, 9:00 am�11:30
baldilocks__ the worst thing is that they won't even blame it on religion. blind devotion .
jamient1776 and that would be an example of someone who professes to be a christian. that’s a christ like action. not these trump loving folks who call themselves christian conservatives. fake shallow religion that runs more people away than draw folks in.
‘every individual associated with the school shall be entitled to freedom of thought, conscience and religion, and to hold opinions without interference, disability or disadvantage, and to freedom of expression and speech within the law, ...
the true basis of religion is not belief, but intuitive experience. intuition is the soul’s power of knowing god. to know what religion is really all about, one must know god. - paramahansayogananda
i'm confused, why is there so much praying and christianity? i thought the democrats hated god and wanted to outlaw religion.
true religion solution: gunmen hack father john gbakaan to death, kidnap h... embeddedurl
al-fawzan حفظه الله said: “people don't pray and say religion is in their hearts. if it were in their heart, they would have prayed. ” al-ittihaf, p. 536
exmuslimsorg hindus can take a joke. forget jokes, we have been taking ridiculing, vulgar mockings,sarcasms,etc. for ages.but what we are now asking is a level playground. every religion should be mocked and not just us. all prophets. all sons of gods. is it being intolerant?? y only us
“you know whatever colour, whatever religion, your friends, your neighbours or even strangers are, they're all human beings. you've got to treat them as human beings with the respect they deserve.” holocaust survivor ann kirk bem corerespect corecares echohorizons21 embeddedurl
sh feroze khan ji was not a parsi, but a muslim by birth. his parsi mother changed her religion to marry sh nawab khan ji so to marry sh feroz khan ji, honbl pm indira ji changed her name to m.begum source : embeddedurl embeddedurl
my_suhr_guitar iromg juliahb1 i love the way he calls all the people he’s hugging brother & sister because we are, if we want to be because we respect each other’s race & religion more of this please between races, because there has been too much division these last few years
"the only difference between a cult and a religion is the amount of real estate they own" --frank zappa djloonyo liveonkumu
williamsruto kipmurkomen are there books you want to read but hard to get? i could get them for you in pdf format at a very cheap price. personal development books, religion, finance, law, medical, love novels, history etc i will get them for you within minutes. for inquiries and purchase, please dm
naughtybear2019 yeah. don’t give a fuck about religion so i’ll follow stevie hahahahha
a video was once posted of a woman in full hijab who forgave her son's killer saying "i can't hate you, that's not our way, showing rahma and mercy is our way" and the caption said " forget religion and society this is humanity" bruh if it was something bad you wouldn't
the issue of discrimination is one of the leading factors in preventing the development of india! regardless of caste, religion or gender everyone should have the ability to live their life free of discrimination! great work oxfamindia embeddedurl
what is happening in delhi is very unfortunate. very immature behaviour by the protesters putting religious flag and kisan sangathan flag at lal quila is highly condemnable it is a place for indian flag and shall remain so any religion or any sangathan cannot be above our nation.
if you don’t like frank ieros solo projects please do not interact with me it's against my religion and it makes me feel like a sinner if i interact with those who sin. no offense, i'm sure you're nice but i just don't feel comfortable /c
there are three kind of people in india first who follows religion but not its teachings or humanity second follow political parties with illogical issues not humanity third who believes in logics and humanity whose % is .001% bantandav dharma logic india hadhaiyaar embeddedurl
juzzie21 megan_knipe hermanhmain abarthurbrown this my dear friend is a fight between good and evil, not between ethnicity, class, colour or religion, they using these means to divide us, honestly it's working to a tee.
this didn’t just randomly conjure overnight. maldives allowed these people to propagate and operate with impunity, under the guise of religion. government authorities were complicit in allowing them to intimidate, threaten, or even kill anyone who dared to speak out against them. embeddedurl
"no other religion gives such value to mankind as the most disgusted naqshbandi order gives. and among grandsheikhs such value as our grandsheikh abdullah gives to the sons of adam&mankind, i have never heard." - mawlana shaykh nazim al haqqani an naqshbandi (q.s) embeddedurl
xiaosyaksha thats a good religion
my favorite gay dynamic is when a character slowly but surely allows themselves to be loved after putting up barriers for so long with their s/o believing in the good and light and people to a damaging extent. my second favorite is whatever sweet religion was doing.
“since the earliest times people have set rules to regulate the conduct of war and lessen its suffering.” examples of work with religious circles in this new icrc religion and humanitarian principles website show the universality of ihl core principles. embeddedurl
bbcnewsni chrispagetv those who follow this form of religion need to take a good long hard look at what they are kneeling down to
rt hambino15: radiofreetom organized religion is the gateway drug to idol worship. christianity in its current form is a farce.
sliver_prince svengamex dana_voicu_ leannwalters vlwins sagehillfarms meidastouch i am not a politician and would never want to be. compromise... close borders but allow immigration thru legal means & fast tracking people fleeing from oppression. leave the core entitlements alone... freedom of speech, religion, etc
however, his attempts were in vain, as frumentius remained in charge of the coptic church while ezana, a new christian, cemented the religion into ethiopian culture.
tomorrow, ii host matthewclifford kicks off his salon series on the middle ages! join us for a discussion of religion in the medieval period—church power, the seeds of the reformation, monks, and fear of the end of the world. 8 pm london: embeddedurl
bennabi on the social role of religion. religion plays a profound role if it is a part of the collective thought or in the words of ibn khaldun, "group feeling". whwn religion gets centripetal in terms of its influence and individualistic, the religion-civilization relation ends embeddedurl
aussie politics is very much like religion. it requires blind faith. if you accept the reality it just falls apart. if jesus was alive today would he be at the vatican raking in the cash or would he be bayside with fatherbob performing the odd miracle whilst feeding the hoards?
rt hcdawes: you may have to break up with religion to find god.
jinyoung with peach imagery, that's my religion embeddedurl
bharadwajspeaks harsimratbadal_ sikhs were a panth in sanatan dharma like lingayats of today. there was a plot to declare lingayats as a separate religion just a few years back for a few votes. how difficult it is to imagine how the british would have divided us to consolidate their power.
there's no such thing as a war on christianity. it's a war on ignorance and bigotry. it's just that religion, especially christianity can't survive without ignorance and bigotry. that's why they feel so attacked. cancelchristianity embeddedurl
rt tdshoemaker: angel's share, devil's cut - whiskey and religion. embeddedurl
niyillionaire difference is thanking god is based on belief. this story is factual. see how she didn't quote anything from her qur'an or make it about religion.she just grateful her aunt's "episode" saved their lives and they are glad. doesn't take away anything from those who lost theirs
brought to you by religion gang embeddedurl
rihanna popcaanmusic savagexfenty first of all .. we can stop this kind of cheap publicity .. anyway doesn't harm any religion... you can wear some cross or rosary for sanghis happy... but plz stop this kind of religious believe .. may be u don't know that's is god for some one ... be chill ..enjoy mam
dharmicphoenix lankanlad teddybearroose2 there was nothing to assume. you had replied saying “a religion with that many contradictions” to a person who very clearly mentions muslims contradicting themselves in regards to islam. we can read context.
vimalraishah ishkarnbhandari we had seen in telangana how bjp ended up winning with religion agenda
nowplaying losing my religion by lacuna_coil letsrock atlanticrock embeddedurl
drewsaskew 1689wolverine great. show me. and focus on those men with the giant churches taking money from people. i am an abuse survivor who still holds into faith in spite of how much religion was used to harm me.
just block them! they try to use religion to make them selves feel better abt supporting "the other asshole"the manwhore! the pornostar banging criminal that lies every time he opens his pie hole. i learned at an early age not to lie and have respect for people?cant do it for him embeddedurl
religion does not give you the answers, it stops you from asking the questions! get this shirt here: embeddedurl embeddedurl
rt alugoidris: larryangel08 fayacts haylesoflagos religion isn't even the problem... ignorance is. my pastor say, my alfa say
antidentite8 wasn’t the foundation of this religion based on removing caste divisions?
thank you president trump for... 1. best economy ever 2. lowest unemployment 3. tariffs that protect u.s. jobs 4. low corporate tax rates that brought jobs back 5. removal of regulations 6. the wall 7. protection of religion 8. expediting cure for covid 9. moving embassy
the religion of trump continues. these individuals are crazy, ignorant, racist and dangerous. votethemallout notrump embeddedurl
all religion is a form of madness! makes me mad! my dad said most the troops are all stationed in japan!
postdisclosure i agree. it would not upend society, cause traditional religion to collapse, cause mass panic, or anything of the sort.
michaelmegalymd in this situtiations i remember this saying where i heard in a conference "it is not a religion, change it".
lisamariechoko4 decoloresdan kasieelaine__ no pope has ever preached the gospel. and the entire organization goes in the same direction, and not just that, most of their teachings, clearly comes from the spirit of the antichrist. i pray one day you see it. religion and the gospel are very different messages.
johnnybgud64 stephenking religion is in the worst case a philosophy and a system of moral and ethical teachings. just because we don't think it's true it doesn't mean we have to be edgy and over-simplify it to just some silly fairytale
xenon_vulture the snare religion only grows (tysm gjdjdn)
amzignf my religion is so sad
thatkevinsmith i'm sure if he exists he will honor the deal because of dogma, you only really criticized the church and not religion itself :)
nature is my religion, earth is my temple.- quote embeddedurl embeddedurl
dmk blindly hate hindi & spreads lies of hindi imposition to fool & hoodwink tamils. no one can impose any language or religion on others. but no takers for tamil medium in tamilnadu?
cardinal turkson said the vatican doesn’t discuss salvation “in any group” because they’re multifaith. “it’s not to throw religion at them” but rather “takes the form of the church’s social teaching... the objective isn’t to provoke everyone to conversion” embeddedurl
going to hell in every religion
if god created the world and he knows the past, the present and future, because he all ready planned it. then why do we need religion?
rihanna rihanna you are spitting shit from your mouth. respect biggest democracy in the world, where even traitors are allowed to speak. don't spit venom it will make you ugliest. india is only country where every religion caste or creed live with respect and harmony despite diversity.
the_hindu how about a counter question - do stand up comedians don’t have any content other than politics and religion ? also, why is satanic verses still banned in the country?
ok i'm going to start out with the ones i mentioned. losing my religion - lacuna coil embeddedurl
nathansproul neilggiuliano rubengallego find a better religion
hello there? i'm lisa. for help in your assignments, dm me the details. prices are super friendly. i can handle essays on literature, history, sociology, psychology, criminology, religion and business papers on your chosen topics .try me! researchpaper assignments essayhelp embeddedurl
117sthandy docvestibule zayalaashira trashpandaftw repmtg repmarienewman i believe in christ and his teachings, i just don't believe in organized religion and the men who use it to gain wealth, power, money and control over others - especially women. and use it to excuse and spread their bigotry and hate. heretics abound.
jackandphryne nesamadrid rmasarthak condenm attacks?first of allthe ones who do these attacks are not muslim and are doing the opposite of what islam preaches. the ones who follow the religion live a peaceful life these terrorists are dolls created by the higher power to give islam a bad name. disagree, u braindead
manishtana this entire thing just has me boggling. where do people get the idea that they can tell someone else they're jewish or not based on appearance/name/something else that's completely unrelated to religion? i will never understand gatekeepers.
humanity is not the greatest religion. rather, islam is the greatest religion which teaches humanity! khushi9595 syed9422 drmahera552 missy_mona_ hayafat35967942 chandsiddiqui76 nurulsiddiqi ansari_anabiya_ asifsha2035548 rukhsarbegum0 khangirl_123
no matter what religion you belong to. we don't need a dictator. rejectmilitarycoup savemyammar milkteaalliance aseanrespectourvotes whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
the power of the memory hole: an entire generation of conservatives who unabashedly embrace "capitalism" as if there were not heated inter-right debates over whether it's wise for society to establish a religion out of the dollar. it's not just the left that selectively forgets
zack_b_nimble cdcgov you just believe the experts and their peer-reviewed research because they told you so. again, that's not science. that's religion. you're believing something without empirical justification, and ignoring what you don't want to believe, hiding behind an ad hoc standard for truth.
them always preaching religion but never practise what them preach and when you talk they change it to, you dont have respect,...you lack respect...ontop your own result....ahhhhhhsaveeksu
davidcsmalley goblinqchesh so learning about logic and academics and actual philosophy is cancer to you david? you argue it's better people stay ignorant, and just blindly follow what you say rather than apply logic and reason? huh, kind does sound like a religion to me you're pushing there.
they'd have to start with religion and they definitely not doing that embeddedurl
religion is never an excuse to be outwardly homophobic or transphobic. to the lgbt community, you are valid. your love is valid. you deserve all that is beautiful in the world. i’m so sorry you have to deal with all this bs.
navneet_tweets_ so called saviors of the religion are destroying
jamespmorrison watch what you say for it could be dajavue for you! being a conservative is better than being a nonbeliever on many morals of american culture. the erosion of religion and morals is the reason for america’s degeneration of its principals
pancakesjkjm itsmojojojo247 see how the narrative changes. first cult & when that falls, harp on religion. lmao. religion promotes love & harmony. it is a dangerous path you are treading. stfu. do some research and then come back with facts. weirdo
let's pray for the virus to go, l have learnt that i can't be in one place like this. i cherish my freedom of movement, association, assembly, expression, religion. what are you missing?
lindaever4 that one and the "atheism is a religion", bores me to no end. so unoriginal etc....
kanhira mankopnn sarahkalidasi are let me ask the question differently, according to who, dharma trancends religion?
hinduism is the most scientific religion of the world. asthana yoga is a living proof. which says there is spiritual progress of of the devotee . you start with following some rules then reach to the blissful state of samadhi to realize god . अष्टांगयोग embeddedurl
heartrn13 haha. thanks. i appreciate it. ya, i feel like most of the things that messed me up came from that religion. i would have made very different choices without it.
"religious freedom is under attack in the iowa statehouse," writes iowa_atheists, one of our affiliates, about the influx of christian nationalist bills that weaponize religion and try to undermine church/state separation. embeddedurl embeddedurl
gen z is deconstructing religion and finding faith - vice embeddedurl - fascinating read
maziisi_okwu mobilepunch the problem is religion.
viniwash3r3 prettyxpisces stephanielesh87 itsjojosiwa well no. homosexuality has always been illegal in the bible, same as all abrahamic religions such as islam and judaism. christianity is also an abrahamic religion.
iam_presider it's like religion bro...hardly to convince them to believe in what you believe in.
this has nothing to do with religion but politics in state cricket association. unfortunately wasim bhai was at right place but wrong time. embeddedurl
iammarkmanson and jordanbpeterson join me to discuss the sacrifices parents make for their young, growing up, the decentering effects of social media, and religion. you may know mark from his book ‘the subtle art of not giving a f*ck’. embeddedurl
shima_f64 aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil chantaladasilva omarjadwat usabehfarsi neal_katyal this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil chantaladasilva omarjadwat aayoub neal_katyal potus
kipro_hon hello meanwhile i can get you books in pdf format at a very cheap price. personal development/inspirational, religion, finance, law, medical, love, novels, history etc i will get them for you within minutes. for inquiries and purchase, please dm
and tbh the north has caused the problems of the north because we mask everything in culture and religion. not holding our leaders accountable because of same tribe or religion. absolute rubbish
can you imagine it? this entire religion is centralised in policing women, prohibiting them from manifesting feminine beauty. an institution built entirely of misogynist insecure incel energy. embeddedurl
ocpatriot123 we are oppressed, brown, different religion - definitely treated differently than whites, you saw that with the capital break-in. go into a congressional office, steal a laptop, advertised it, got arrested and then sent home. never would have happened to someone black or brown
"religion, celebrity, twitter – it's all the same rules" - lucifer summing up my academic research, essentially embeddedurl
like broo, thag niqqa could start a cult or religion and it would have been 3rd in the world behind christianity and islam
check out this listing i just added to my poshmark closet: true religion distressed black skinny jeans. embeddedurl shopmycloset poshmarkapp
the only religion i follow embeddedurl
it’s so crazy how ass is like a religion now. booty shakin has become life.
on this day in 1633, galileo arrived in rome to face charges of heresy after promoting the idea that earth revolves around the sun. astoundingly, some claim that religion was responsible for many of history’s scientific advances. let’s check this claim. embeddedurl
cmon! no religion, no rules, no work. pure belief = instant acceptance embeddedurl
reprashida this is clearly discrimination based on religion and is illegal. gop house members should be charged and held responsible. but by god, they are such fu*king idiots.
casspa “oh life, is bigger it's bigger than you and you are not me the lengths that i will go to the distance in your eyes oh no i've said too much i set it up “ - losing my religion , rem.
our friends gdigm’s bfffestival exists to champion filmmakers & actors of all walks of life, regardless of gender, size, race, religion, or ability.interested in throwing yr hat into the ring?submissions are officially open until may 4, 2021. embeddedurl seeitbeit
people continue to cut buddha and hindu gods heads of as decor is so disrespectful like idk imagine someone doing that to ur religious god like i’m done how y’all treat religion embeddedurl
nux_taku bro we would be living on other planets by now if it wasn't for religion
science is religion, for religion is science. angelic entities perpetuate light, for what is similar repels, demonic entities absorb the perpetuated, for opposites attract. this exchange manifests our very destinies on earth, for energy extenuates through matter where it matters.
religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as useful. - seneca
religion is a crutch for the troubled mind. embeddedurl
freedom from religion foundation asks federal emergency management authority to immediately revoke grant of about $1.2m to city of versailles for a new building to double as emergency shelter and a church. ^jb embeddedurl
rebekahglenn warrtiffany this!!!!! my mom was treated like this growing up, & made sure to let me know i could hang out with who ever i wanted no matter their religion. because of it i have one of my absolute best friends still in my life since 2nd grade.
fitfounder making shit up and calling it science is the new religion
you’re watching a religion be created right before your eyes embeddedurl
reuters this is a discriminatory statement. why we need to use religion in this frase.
stop forcing people to participate in your religion in public spaces!!! embeddedurl
even rank and file democratic voters oppose this. why does party leadership keep trying to impose their religion on the rest of us, because that seems to be what abortion is to them: a sacrament. embeddedurl
defnotlyco so, u want me to sacrifice a goat or cow? im learning about an old religion and faith at my history class and i maybe know a little too much
it is good to die for religion but for religious fanaticism one must neither live nor die. liveandlove loudre embeddedurl
evans_miloo williamsruto are there any books you want to read? i could get them for you in pdf format at affordable prices. personal development books, religion, finance/business, health, love, history and others. inbox for questions/purchases. embeddedurl
ocelotblood aja02537920 bossing30421905 sleepylivichu supa_str8 look just because you are getting your definition of women from the newspeak dictionary 2021 edition does not mean that the rest of us have to buy into your religion.
georgeomahony8 donaldclarke63 how is it left wing to not want the state broadcaster to promote a specific religion? less intrusive government is a right wing thing i thought?
dv_reporter this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil ilhanmn omarjadwat rashidatlaib neal_katyal embeddedurl
this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil rashidatlaib neal_katyal briandeesenec ambrice46 whcommsdir embeddedurl embeddedurl
thereal_truther holistichappy5 ok, but in what way is a global pandemic in which many governments tried to do as little as possible to upset the status quo unlike the attempted extermination of a population based on their ethnicity and religion?
uncalgary eflorian10 canadianpolling leantossup you can be pro liberty and still be against legalizing heroin, there’s a difference between libertarianism and anarchism. the conservatives are pro freedom of speech, religion, gun rights, you name it, the liberals want to increase government oversight, simple
pyeerk olivesagan ive heard of religion and mysticism described as like a joke and you just have to get it before you can appreciate it. hopefully i can get there but for now every line of reading toward it sounds like “dude trust me” to me. given materialist accounts also always end that way
the heartbeat of a dogmatic fundamentalist is an adherence to faith, complete with the elect and the damned, and original sin. and too often, the weaker the reality, the more powerful the delusion to keep it. he's a grand wizard of the new religion of [anti-]racism. embeddedurl
sayantika12 happy women day,u r philanthropist,raising voice to rescue suffering.iam founder sun religion charitable trust, serve to mankind is serve to god if u kindly donate god bless u it helpful to poor,state bank of india,a/c:39189682080,ifsc:sbin0006242,mobile:9791605346
„if people start hoping to become immortal through technology, they won’t have much interest in religion or hope for resurrection.“ //cc as__terra embeddedurl
patricktheb simples18790446 rossgilroy robertbrowniej8 davestewart4444 secularsandwich skthii1 cern_lxxl hp19763 velveteven thecatheist imkimaaron zypisfy willsworldview chortling_man bearschoice2020 pray2pesci discojerrys boler_stephen johnkrahn2 brianslimdog77 oohglobbits5 wolfpak561 jea_jordan splintersimba davidveillon5 jools6691 globalist13903 andrewrchapman phoenix42505497 markthorsby1 alan244g technogauntlet jd_and_coke_1 tris_stock orna_verum cleisthenes5 bobfish1973 zapher134 randolf828 th1rt3en_tm praisehisname50 narratingfools billreagan16 godflythe judger9000 horusrage pdxsecularguy verniejim physicisttx more useless info: faeries are actually the old celtic gods rebranded by irish christian monks who wanted to preserve the indigenous culture their religion was destroying.
updatesaddison stillo1000000 lilnasx i hope that this whole "not everyone wants to believe in a religion and it is extremely stupid of you to force it" thing is just an act or a phase and you change your ways, god loves you and hes willing to forgive you as long as you are willing to be forgived. stay blessed
in politically disempowered ladakh, ut has failed to address our issues & created an undemocratic atmosphere where people are being discriminated on the basis of region,religion & ethnicity. restorestatehood embeddedurl
thehill religion is and always has been a tool for racism.
this is the voice of thousands of diversity visa lottery winners from 2017, 2018,2019,2020 that have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust muslim ban (p.p. 9645) and their visas have been denied potus vp secblinken muslimban africanban dv2017_2020 embeddedurl
worminanet delexical ronanmullen rte you claim we're living through a deadly virus? i tell you we're not. although you're a bigot, you could find some sympathy for those who hold religion important to them, you could acknowledge that churches play no part in the spread of your supposed 'killer virus'...
drsjaishankar meaindia why does one need to choose a religion on the online visa form for india? why does the website not accept 'other' as an option? websites very cranky for a country known to have the best it skills. please make websites for commissions user-friendly
religion isnt bad. embeddedurl
aayoub this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. secblinken secmayorkas potus vp embeddedurl
nsrg_shah that's precisely the difference: science: forward looking, organized religion: backward looking!
they (the territorist -sac ) are again attacking the religion and minorities in myanmar at 2021. please make them sure that they carry their crime accordingly rapporteurun hrw schranerburgen1 whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
free on kindle "contextual theology: skills and practices of liberating faith (routledge new critical thinking in religion, theology and biblical studies)" by sigurd bergmann & mika vähäkangas embeddedurl (affiliate link)
sadhgurujv cmotamilnadu mkstalin shivaroor sir/ madam, religion is a personal entity. help us to affirm the fundamentals of santana dharma & allow one to practice religion alone or with group of one’s choice! let the group be responsible for maintaining religious places not the state/ government! we all have faith in you.
.abierkhatib it’s reprehensible that you bring up my religion to deflect from that fact that you attacked aliabunimah for writing about debunked claims from a christian zionist fanatic who wants to see the al-aqsa compound demolished. embeddedurl embeddedurl embeddedurl
//religion thinking about my experience w/the catholic church as a queer trans girl this fine morning thanks to this. probably will ramble in a thread, don't feel hesitant to mute it if you don't want to see embeddedurl
religion is like a blind man looking in a black room for a black cat that isn't there, and then finding it
da’naia jackson situation actually pisses me off. i hate to see women bound hand and foot to religion and having no life outside of it. no way of viewing things without it and can’t go a full convo without mentioning it.
when it is a question of money, everybody is of the same religion.
with increased aapi violence + ongoing islamaphobia + xenophobia, we intentionally focused on religious practices that impact our identities, daily lives, + culture. like anything humans touch, religion can be flawed, assumptions + misinformation are far more dangerous + deadly.
k_barbiexx because we've come to the idea that the ideals of said religion (at least the ones zealots like to invoke against our will) are outdated, and we don't want to compromise how we live. plus, we've also seen how the heads of christianity often abuse their positions.
rt uwachikata: _kasuba_ reserve religion for other things and lets keep business just for that...business
usenvoyiran bbcpersian this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu potus ckuck adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil ilhanmn omarjadwat rashidatlaib neal_katyal embeddedurl
themooseoftruth talkradio martindaubney iromg benhabib6 didn't realise "lockdowns" were a religion, but i'd say intelligent would be one word for it (go on i dare you call reuters anything of the sort you insult others with) embeddedurl
criticalracetheory: a marxist construct developed (under another name, of course) by leon trotsky. designed to divide people by race (or religion, ethnicity, etc.) & pit groups against 1 another by scapegoating 1 groups' problems on a designated target group. it works. embeddedurl
maga2020110 olayinkajimoh13 mobilepunch exactly my dear brother, we are totally different both language and culture even our religion understanding
citi973 when a parent and their ward willingly sign off on a document to abide by a school’s terms of admission, and they turn around to cry foul, do you blame the school? short hair in motown is a rule for hygiene reasons to curb any spread of lice, ringworm etc, not religion!!! embeddedurl
this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) including iranians & yemenis who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates‌ niacouncil rashidatlaib debbialmontaser embeddedurl
kdrajagopal the_hindu and by democracy we mean equality irrespective of cast ,creed and religion..not appeasement politics...hope the better sense prevail....
jaysusan chuck28202637 jackposobiec i choose to humble myself, and i do not need any denomination to do so. any religion that involves idolizing human beings such as with a papacy or mary is not of christ. evil manifested itself into that church, that’s evident throughout the history of it.
my chapter on barth, religion, and religions starts with this exchange, but goes on to suggest an alternative trajectory for advancing barth's critique of religion than his own triumphalism embeddedurl embeddedurl
rabyaahahmed we greencard lottery winners(2017-2020) were selected and invited by u.s gov, but all refused just because of our nationality & religion it's unfair & against human right do justice . i_want_my_miracle_back muslimban potus vp ambrice46 nedprice secblinken presssec aclu embeddedurl
this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil rashidatlaib neal_katyal briandeesenec ambrice46 whcommsdir embeddedurl
1stthes521 zalphaprime zebub_b_l wrathof44454681 a_damned_smith sdarkmore wisemanryder longforgottena1 candysmith74 wolfpak561 willsworldview wmmanry splintersimba sbuddie1877 wiguy45 th1rt3en_tm 1pckt avic_wins babetruth2 hoffingtoniii fixedintime heathenwombat hesanaughtyboy malo_j cleisthenes5 buggford quiptography smug2bme fearing_aid docsnoe palmdebbie fullmetalja pg13scottwatson mwforhr smokeystafford ah_science andrewrchapman slsstudios jackiebarbosa edwardwongy freewillburnya a_draeros jordan17910 allison23829042 johnkrahn2 greg2467535753 "considering your godless religion" for the last time ron, rejecting your garbage assertions is not a religion. gotta love how you keep ignoring me. it's almost like you have no counter.
stopthecaps snowdine jameliatijani it's not your religion either, just bc u believe in it doesn't mean it's yours to shape and interpret as you want to.
tobslovea godlovesslavery ndumeiheochere crankboy1965 achanceywill curious_jonn mykael_yuddy makatahenry adetom1wa amchinelo twyse2199 cuppymusic he’s trying to explain to you that as powerful as you people think religion is none of the testimonies given in religious grounds will ever be admitted in court even if the members of the jury and judge are christians they won’t ever hear “the lord spoke to me in a vision and-
zoroastrians try matchmaking to keep religion alive embeddedurl
many mainstream white christians fall into that. black too of course, but i tend to focus on white christianity because a lot of people see it as a white religion when its actually not. thats another topic for another day.
wayward_island xboxaddict3 luvzmez3 k_barbiexx chiidumebii oh no i still read the bible and i still believe in the bible, i just don't have a religion.
kapilbaghel10 refuter_indol yestolive birinchibaba2 manva_tweets zoo_bear because it is universal soul god (param-atma) preaching , so it's universal...sanatana dharma is first most ancient religion of the world ,which empahised everything on the basis of karma nd dharma.. nd for better functioning people were assigned varnas for quality work
true to my religion. werockin :call_me_hand_medium-dark_skin_tone: edmond, oklahoma embeddedurl
true religion "becky" (27) women's designer jeans - check out this listing i just added to my poshmark closet: true religion “becky” (27) women’s designer jeans. embeddedurl
i often think that i am a hypocrite when it comes to my religion and beliefs. god makes it so clear what he wants from us, but we steady do what is pleasing to our personal desires.
kingron_b you know she wouldn't. i can't even understand what the hell is going on. sad times we are in. i don't like throwing religion around but damn man that foundation has been thrown out and this sick shyt has flown in. disgraceful.
godmorningsunday sundaythoughts our race is living being, humanity is our religion. hindu, muslim, sikh, christian, there is no separate religion. - saintrampaljim embeddedurl
sstephanie_____ what do they paint him as cause i don’t think it’s right to talk ab religion and make a statement like white christians specifically paint him someway
i’m agnostic but i’m glad my president participated in his religion instead of a guy who organized a photo opportunity in front of a church with a bible. embeddedurl
ailanational this is the voice of thousands of diversity visa lottery winners from 2017 2018 2019 2020 that have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust muslim ban (p.p. 9645) and their visas have been denied please support usafricanban muslimban dv2017 dv2020
charliekirk11 which would be blood on his hands as per leftist religion.
paul bond wsws “love is my religion—i could die for that”: the bicentenary of the death of english poet john keats (1795–1821) poet lyricchanel lyrical lyrik gedicht poesie literatura literatureposts embeddedurl
reshmi_delhi ganeshsp47 all individuals belief needs to be respected but only in the boundaries of non-violence. but politicians use the ignorance of people and twist the concept of religion so that they can gain maximum vote. politics should not use religion/caste as their mantra for vote (2/2)
cnn just like every major religion......
this is what comes of importing a foreign and alien body of people into our christian country. they have their own countries, but come here to spread their malign 'religion' and to live off our benefit system. embeddedurl
no religion should be immune from criticism or discussion. embeddedurl
theessexradical sadiqkhan i also think trying to reduce a religion to a secular ideology, like conservatism of socialism, is always dangerous.
own peril because you talk about hate but it is your religion that has made me hateful because of your nun's at my primary school called me evil and slapped me with a ruler on my left all because i wanted to use my left hand to write this went on from the age of 5 until i was 8
zinnykalu7 biafra is my religion and there i n radio biafra i worshipped 1. ipob family banglore 2. ipob family bangalore india
repbradwenstrup science is essentially the study of the real world to find answers to unknown truths. science is about that which can be proved. religion is based upon faith. faith is the belief in something that can’t be proved. please don’t try to conflate the two. embeddedurl
worldmeetjohn mrandyngo but the crime was specifically commited because religion was a centerpiece of it. the beheading, crime, happened because of a cartoon of mohammed, islamic prophet. religion is a centerpiece here.
the iq of a mob is the iq of its most stupid member divided by the number of mobsters - terry pratchett this saying has absolutely no connection with religion of p! justsaying
if you're wondering at the point of this tweet, look no further. 1. you are not a sinner 2. you don't need a saviour 3. religion is a complete waste of time, consequently, prayer is useless. 4. your religion is lying to you.
yasmohammedxx deeply embarrassing that this is happening here, in what is supposed to be a free society. actual grown men are standing there demanding an apology for a caricature of a fictional character & the police are reading it out! all religion should be put were it belongs - in the past!
articles of confederation: the first u.s. government & the role of religion in the states that ratified it embeddedurl
mikepompeo did you think of writing this as you looked at yourself in the mirror? some of your statement applies to you directly (division/tension), but not the part you’d like your followers to believe. you usurp religion and exploit their faith. and no, some are made in the image of evil.
social: childhood, family dynamic, identity, class, sexuality, ability, ethnicity, race, cultural background, education level, financial situation, housing and so on. spiritual: beliefs, spiritual practices, religion and so on. 17/
kashmiri muslims should take history classes before making up stories about kashmir. hinduism was the first religion in kashmir and that makes hindus the original inhabitants and later buddhist came in. also, butchering as a profession & hobby is confined to muslims only. embeddedurl embeddedurl
jamesfloveiv jackposobiec catholicism is more religion than faith. i'm sure they believe just as much as christians but the rules are more loose with the world; like any religion people follow it's (sadly) more reflective to the timeline than the truth.
chuuplnt jonghodesi tetesfairyy lol... looks like you are allergic to truth.. truth and reality of your religion.. islam is an evil and regressive ideology created by 7th century arabian desert men to suit their carnal desires of women and wealth...
my religion embeddedurl
lovingaliens bluesdfred zhanz0 kristinoem lilnasx i’ll respect the religion when it’s members stop raping children.
teach313al muslimcouncil miqdaad zaram01 hassanjoudi_ rashidathassan islamchannel skynews holocaust - true, can be proved, religion - false, cannot be proven. see the difference? batley batleygrammar religion
this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil ilhanmn omarjadwat rashidatlaib neal_katyal embeddedurl embeddedurl
normalize having a close and intimate relationship with jesus. he did not die so that we could have a religion. but he died for us so that we could have a relationship with him thank you jesus:folded_hands_medium-dark_skin_tone:
darkbobcat tbbrame so every time we have this discussion about guns, middle america feels like their civil rights are being dictated by politicos who think of them as "flyover" country. in my estimation, the issue isn't really about guns at all...or religion...or race. 4/
check out this listing i just found on poshmark: true religion straight leg jeans size 26 (2). embeddedurl shopmycloset poshmarkapp
joeum77 newsmax paula_white no religion, is clearly not a religion. the term atheist means - without theism. by definition, it is not a religion
glasgowpam like organised religion football and it’s fans is just problematic and mess up.
sometimes some people on the left are so seethingly anti-religious that it kinda makes me reel. it's almost malice against religion and religious folks at times not saying that there's not often good reason for that, but it certainly isn't helping the cycle of hate
k_barbiexx my problem isn't with the religion its with its followers. respect is a 2 way street, if you disrespect other religions don't expect respect back. if you preach something but don't follow it i will call you out. my religion is older than yours, leave me be and i'll do the same
yesterday i got involved in a ugly beef with a indian ( most probably a kid) he kept on abusing my country and my religion, but i held my serves, he tried to get under my skin but i did not let it happen
are very important. can we say because we are old now these rules never helped us or isn’t good? can we say because we now use iphones we are so westernized that religion, rules and even food to eat should not forced on kids and learners? on discrimination i don’t even know
gathua5 _fels1 any cultural practices that are inconsistent with islamic values are totally forbidden. culture is subordinate to religion.
adesh_k_shukla shalabhmani he serving people's day and night irrespective of status, cast and religion. hundreds / thousands of people's approaching him via various ways for help and he is trying his best to reach to everyone. it is not good to blame him.
naa_ashorkor me for instance, i will never teach ma children about religion. wegotthisafrica
vintage_utd love to see my religion never failing me...
dr. gerald c. goeringer, associate professor of medical embryology in georgetown university, in a conference, reads a paper about details of embryology in the quran. embeddedurl islam religion embeddedurl
religion hard at work. "...they were detained by police under a section of the blasphemy law." embeddedurl
biden just said it!!! hearts and minds ... the soviet union outlawed religion, think that changed anything? nope. until people learn, care, understand each other regardless of color, religion, political view, orientation, that we are people first... you changed it on paper only
darlingjeromy veilofignorance pairagraph jonhaidt zaidjilani shadihamid i won't deny that there have been christians have been killed for their religion but to equate to the holocaust or other oppression (the progroms in russia, the entirety of the crusades... and the fact jews were expelled from over 100 countries in europe) is wrong
darkhorse354 _khalidjalal _sayema wtf ... don't know how many crores have been donated by businesses ,tatas, adani, ambanis and more, no one wrote their religion but one muslim came forward and this women, blah blah its "islam dharam "skoda laura" "adrakh lehsun" , shut the **** up :thumbs_down_medium-light_skin_tone::thumbs_down_medium-light_skin_tone::thumbs_down_medium-light_skin_tone:
doberdoggo this has been twitter all year. find an echochamber, and suddenly skiing during a pandemic is ok within your group, so it's ok for everyone. morality is relative. being kind this year was the unpopular religion.
stevebassdc yaas_america marxist/communist antonio gramsci: "socialism is precisely the religion that must overwhelm christianity. socialism will triumph by first capturing the culture via infiltration of schools, universities, churches and the media by transforming the consciousness of society."
shafiur monywa’s protest leader, waimoenaing, was abducted today. unlike any other activist, he was charged with murder of two police which he never did. terrorists are using religion as psychological warfare. freedom of speech apr15coup whatshappeninginmyanmar
question 13: have you questioned your religion due to a post of video on social media ?
emmyjewel mrmarilwyd in a compulsory education system you think it is ok to criticise a religion? i though he was there to teach not preach...
since it's good friday remember, jesus says: religion is bad for your health! embeddedurl
new2theg franklinmaitla1 washingtonpost now even the first line says it 'grants', hope u know the meaning of grant, it's not taking citizenship of indian of any community or religion. there a difference ok
terrorist junta raided islamic religion compound by continuously firing gunshots just for protecting peaceful protesters in mdy. 1 was shot dead in the chest & 5 were forcibly abducted. freedom of speech apr15coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
dwuhlfelderlaw artsycarol how can this stand?1 amendment congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble&to petition the gov for a redress of grievance
phindu1947 firstly, i never use just hindu festivals to make a point. if a gathering can be avoided, it must; irrespective of culture, religion, political affiliation or whatever. the fact is that this disease spreads through contact. that is enough to limit contact. that's it.
benzai_daegan thinkingatheist sethandrewstta seth is my favorite! i binged like 7 years worth of his podcast all in 1 year when i was trying to find my way after leaving religion. i've listened & watched so much of his stuff that he feels like family at this point. he's the dad of atheism, & i mean that in the best way. lol
it’s really sick to celebrate the decline of these people groups. no compassion, understanding, or recognition of the role of religion in securing families and peoples. ortlund despises these people as much as his secular counterparts do. embeddedurl
a quote i like 'there is enough religion in the world to make us hate each other, but not enough for us to love each other'. so true, especially you look at the conflicts around the world embeddedurl
cusackandrew also said of the christian religion: "i believe in the ethics of christianity. can't believe the mumbo jumbo."
rt obuongevans: only the religion of the blood and the cross of jesus gives hope and life beyond tombs. revivalvigilexpress
one_true_hobo ddee_ssbu i was dead in the water the moment i saw lion religion
truth3211 dsteketee jerseyrizzo his religion defines family when it’s continent. i don’t see his religion leading the way when it comes to him stepping up for abused women. pandering is a serial abuser is not beneath him. embeddedurl
jarekmilorad exactly. i believe there’s a reason people want to have a religion, of course. people want something bigger than them. but when you are using it in such ways that it just makes you look like an idiot.. it just becomes laughable. they are ruining it for everyone else, too.
dm us to help you complete your essays and assignments on time math essay paper paperwrite english dissertations someonehelppaper casestudy essaypay homeworkslave onlineclass religion homework assignment history econometrics marketing academichelp131
i am not affiliated with any religion in just good in all sanctuaries bc me n god cool like dat
"in my opinion, it is legitimate for non-muslims to be concerned that someone with that sort of baggage is a federal minister" as if muslim who genuinely practice islam should not be worried that such utterances are made within the context of their religion. gtf abeg. embeddedurl
toomuchrry curricular activity, reading? learning about my religion (??) getting updated on the news, learning how to make this world a better placd
religion is a mental disease. embeddedurl embeddedurl
idolstruggles it would be amazing if you guys could spread awareness about the muslims being tortured and held in concentration camps in china. they're being forced to go against their own religion and families are being separated. it's basically what hitler did to the jews but in 2021.
"the author’s dislike of conservative american catholics blights this book, as does his extreme reluctance to criticise their left-leaning co-religionists." embeddedurl joebiden bookreview catholic potus uspolitics religion biden america usa politics
dear indians, before you die, live ask questions surrounded by plague staring at death open your mouth and ask why? you will die with honour else even living will be worst than death you are supreme not any nation constitution, religion or god. covid19
gazettengr why did he not blame religion for hindering nigeria’s greatness during salah ????
new pod americans are losing their religion & that's changing politics. while atheists & agnostics may be very democratic, ppl who identify as "nothing in particular" are a much larger group and split about evenly. w/ perrybaconjr and ryanburge embeddedurl
tarioliver444 profukay ayosogunro this means you don't even know about your religion. israel isn't a christian country. there are even a larger number of native muslims there than christians. jews are the majority and they practice 'judaism'
richarddawkins it's one thing to choose to believe a lie yourself. it's quite another to use coercion or threats to force someone to accept a lie as truth. religion has done this for ages & now secular ideologies are embracing delusion & changing language to reinforce non-realities.
diddles religion pray
terrorist junta raided islamic religion compound by continuously firing gunshots just for protecting peaceful protesters in mdy. 1 was shot dead in the chest & 5 were forcibly abducted. freedom of speech apr15coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
swetascb mumtaj bano is against hindu religion
mkamugira1 hello i can get you books in pdf &audio books at affordable prices! political, inspirational, religion, business, law, health, novels, history etc i deliver in minutes for inquiries and purchase please dm embeddedurl
xk_sonu jemima_khan also our religion teaches us not to call it my religion only. it's a religion whom each and everyone can adapt and follow. jemima_khan didn't debate over religion she just put forward an ayah to clear the matter.
that was the shortest relationship since high school but ayyyyy it be like that sometimes. no hard feelings, religion just didn't add up i suppose. at least he was kind about it.
jediqueenie there is a vacancy for a sexiness goddess in my politeist new religion. do you like the job?
ianfarrow abc730 mrkrudd there is when he rams it down our necks & governs via that cult religion benny hinze founder in us says his original focus is wrong & not realistic.
newsmax emmarechenberg religion to me is something quite unique. my mother, bonnilee motley, ensured that one of the first things that i understood as a foundation for my existence is that god had offered me and then a second child, to her in a vision, due to her faith and desire to serve and bear life
fomax112 imagervet this is literal depiction of what is happening in africa today with religion, i inflict pain on you but you have to normalize it and thank me for bringing this god to you cos i am better than you
if psg looses with mpabbe and neymar, then football is a big scam just like religion and marriage. psgmci
look at what i read. in the name of religion? embeddedurl
sometimes i used to think that our ancestors were not very educated, so religion was racist in our country. but our generation will eliminate the line of this religion casteism but the situation here is getting worse.
this is how islam starts to build itself as a religion in your mind when you read its story. it's a story of rags to riches to rags to robes to almost divine status. but absolutely not divine. though, about as close as you can get. started from under the sand. now owns deserts.
if you are a muslim, come out as a muslim, if you are a terrorists claim it with your full chest, stop disguising evil and terrorism as islam, my religion is a religion of peace
the way i've brought up history, science and logic just to prove him wrong and he's like "no but religion-" stfu stfu stfu
anyone should act right because it's the bare minimum, kindness doesn't know gender, religion, politics etc. the amount of likes and retweets in this tweet is saddening embeddedurl
godmorningmonday saint rampal ji maharaj says that humanity is our religion. his followers are not divided into different religions. they believe in one religion only - humanity. visit :- satlok asharm youtube channel saintrampaljim mondaythoughts embeddedurl
you are constantly in our prayers india, allah show mercy on people of india. our prayers and our sympathies are with you. we are neighbours not enemies humanity is the biggest religion. pakistanstandswithindia indianeedsoxygen embeddedurl
30kkozak19 centristmillen1 baaz1107 libertarian196 arvindkhosla2 dsgarcha rwac48 cmseth1 jangaldhar kayjay34350 swati_gs he didn’t want marriage, after he got what he wanted he was trying to get out, she brought it up, he tried to dissuade her by bringing up religion , people promise marriage to get sex all the time, so there is no “ jihad”
donlemon get better education and get closer to religion. floyds created chauvins. more floyds create more chauvins
cchristinefair for example religion&politics, instead of uniting under the female gender identity look at christine fair's opinion about love jihad. is love jihad accusations fake? absolutely not. so many non zzlim women r getting converted to zz lam for marriage. isn't that exploitation of..
speakerpelosi islsm is not a christian religion and quit pandering to them iran is muslim snd they are haters of americans.
the commonwealth shall not make any law for establishing any religion, or for imposing any religious observance, or for prohibiting the free exercise of any religion, and no religious test shall be required as a qualification for any office or public trust under the commonwealth.
seriously considering diving into a blog post/short article, titled something like "the cost of queer religion," that emphasizes the economic burden of accessing marginalized scholarship, especially when anti-queerness intersects with racism and sexism.
wish we would just live by the golden rule. fuck religion
keijo21 franklin_graham just pointing out how the church tried to brainwash people into their religion by stealing their holidays. using the cross as a symbol makes no sense but didn’t hurt people.
here’s the the thing if arlene didn’t bring her religion in to politics then we wouldn’t know she was in fact very homophobic ! but she did and we do ! also who are the gay friends i need receipts !
and that is a mother's role, and no science, religion or governing body can change that. as that is mother nature. if you were a mother in a den of cubs, and your children were in danger, you would be the same way, as i am. trying to keep the kids alive...
rt bowmaniwas: conceptualjames and the crt crowd still claims their “theory”is not a religion.
dsylxia there was once separation of the races, children that grow up in diverse places know no different and treat each other the same... homophobia is also a result of society punishing and hiding homosexuality partially due to religion. children do not know discrimination inherently
ryleem131 i am starting to realize “faith” is part desperation as well. i don’t think 99% of people would so strongly believe in religion if they did not feel the underlying desperation that capitalism causes. i think the most ubiquitous thing we think of is people praying 1/3
obeyamark lol, this religion is islam. say it dear.
how do religious scams work? umm same way religion works. by faith. the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. embeddedurl
it’s not a religion. suuuure. not at all. not at all. embeddedurl
thebooksatchel religion has always been used by powerful people to control the masses and make a fool out of them. people are losing jobs because of lockdown but govt. is encouraging people to congregate in the name of religion and elections.
hamidmirpak eisa's statement shows his childish knowledge of the religion, which needs lot of improvement. i feel sorry for pakistan (as he has called it a gutter), if this man is made cj in future. imrankhanpti
frustindian but that doesn't allow us to gather like this. let it be any day/function/religion matter. we can't afford to have rising curves, at any place in country. pls stop such comparison and spread awareness as much as you can.
love this quote the most " i like religion that teaches liberty, equality and fraternity" - ambedkar extremely poud moment for indians as britishcolumbia celebrates drbrambedkar 's birth anniversary as "equality day":smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: realyssharmila जयभिम jaibhim ambedkarjayanti2021 embeddedurl embeddedurl
that god/religion be worth following? let people be people. let people walk their own path. trust that people can make their own decisions for their own lives. be humble and recognize that not everyone can, should, or wants to live your way. 6/6
fdcollins24 nabilu please elaborate the difference between cult and religion?
tearoeprice eugeneeugene87 i don’t disagree. hence me saying that deconstructing from abusive religious beliefs isn’t enough since the problem is much deeper. and today it’s still religion too.
very reminiscent of the christian furries complaining about being ostracised 'for their religion', or right-wingers for their 'politics' spoiler: it's not religion they're scorned for, but their hate and acceptance/encouragement of violence and erasure against the marginalised. embeddedurl
hametuku muslim is the fastest growing religion
monywa’s protest leader, waimoenaing, was abducted today. unlike any other activist, he was charged with murder of two police which he never did. terrorists are using religion as psychological warfare. freedom of speech apr15coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl embeddedurl
hmu now math chem essay due paper write english paper pay someone help paper case study essaypay do my homework online class religion book review assignment chemistry history econometrics 100daysofcode nodejs womenwhocode coding whatsapp : +4474047523 embeddedurl
cuz youre my religion
news24tvchannel ashutosh83b manakgupta here is the pm blatantly using religion to appeal for votes, which is a corrupt practice under our election law. embeddedurl
this. some people cannot believe that others aren't baby eating murders and rapists without religion, because for some reason, they see themselves doing this if they ever lose their faith. they have issues. embeddedurl
luciarendn4 sillylara rosemcgowan heytammybruce do you actually think one side is worse than the other? all politics is cult like. everyone says that their religion/political affiliation is right, and everyone else’s is wrong, and then they’re loyal to “their” politicians, no matter what. like a cult.
rt sioliwanag: who is kaachi?? i only know akaashi. and its my religion. embeddedurl
"my religion is not fiction, for my god stands before me in all of his glory." it was more than clear that polnareff's undying loyalty bordered on fanaticism, strengthened by the bond that he had developed with dio over the course of nearly a year. one of his very first &gt; embeddedurl
daikamessb cynthianarukami whisperainn bro why tf you taking this to a socio political level as if my man is attacking your whole ass religion for not eating rice. also mexican dishes dont even use rice
sujeetpatel0 baitkapoor saibharadwaj pti_news amitshah bjp4india sanghis are blot on all we hindus who misuse religion to divide nation , spread violence , riots, rapes, bombings, lynchings , sex trafficking , pornography
“i thought scientology came about when tom cruise made a bet with his friends that he could start a religion”
hire us for essay and exams help reflection paper hw due research paper. chem essay due paper write english paper pay someone help paper case study essaypay do my homework online class religion book review chemistry javascript python. codeggggggggggggggggggggggg embeddedurl
calibetrippin93 siave4thenight omarabhr95 sanju152005 lovinginvention dontrmrartpop im not trying to justify it i think that the murder and violence is horrible but i wont go around bashing a whole religion. the religion isnt even centered around violence but after 9/11 its so easy to tie it into that and use it to justify any violence towards them.
rt mawmain: low hangers plapping ass is my religion
we’re looking for a temporary block for a p/t (0.4) teacher of standard english and studies of religion (both year 12 classes) at masada college, st ives. mid term 2-end of term 3. if you or anyone you know may be interested in applying, please contact me.
zero99550473 is this useful to you? our video/podcast “you too can recover from religion” thank you! embeddedurl exmuslim when humanists attack we do it by educating each other on building a better society. humanist embeddedurl
myogiadityanath you say didi is against "jai shri ram" chant.sorry,she & the people of bengal r against politicisation of ram and religion.ram is in the heart & mind of a true bhakt,there is no need to shout his name from the roof top or sloganeering mahuamoitra shekhargupta
ramighanem98 guidofawkes "islamophobia" would imply that there's nothing to worry about within the muslim religion. there's a concert hall full of dead children who would disagree. so many deaths of innocent people caused by islamic lunatics and you're here saying "don't be scared".
dominicraab your condemnation is one sided and not justified of a neutral position. we must condemn those who commit violence act, irrespective of their religion!
how dumb can you be to make such a statement? you are more than welcome to do this in west. here brown bags are used so more and more people can buy it comfortably. majority of women practice religion here. aap pads ko openly lena azaadi samjhtay ho to bari choti soch hai apki embeddedurl
vijayku69567229 kyawfelix un unicef rapporteurun schranerburgen1 yangheeleeskku antonioguterres matthewfsmith kenroth freya_cole clarissaward clarencehouse secblinken potus flotus bwoodward_un moteging leongwaikitcna youranoncentral barackobama iingwen scottmorrisonmp dominicraab secdef borisjohnson potus45 tedlieu asean no doubt your are in dark... and quran has also explained the destruction of world more briefly than anyother religion
rt soft_dinesh: rakhitripathi tamil nadu &kerala always like to who people development given not for who religion development
cobbo3 it's a troubling connection between wealth and religion that i see every day on social media...
rt slemeers: this is not just about religion but about humanity! keep the faith! savepalestine savealaqsa embeddedurl
brianrrs37 dhfatma2 ajenglish i am religious n secular person, who values life more than borders.above comment i meant sometime it is better to grab the opportunity & solve the issues rather than hooking on to religion,history,ego or pride.else many players come to milk for their profit & innocent life r lost
fatboiserbian bookerforhof religion is never an excuse to not accept someone’s sexuality lmao fucking loser
mobbiemobes this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) including iranians & yemenis who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban aclu adc nilc debbialmontaser codywofsy jb_cox omarjadwat wangcecillia embeddedurl
atti_cus he will check applicants religion and then distribute
scooter is so d*mb, i seriously am so sick of that this isn’t about religion
lsferguson sherryc30113962 breitbartnews stop the oppression of religion china
ibrāhīm bin adham رحمه الله stated: "whoever regulates his belly regulates his religion. whoever controls his appetite possesses righteous character. indeed the disobedience of allāh is far away from the one who is hungry and close to the one who is full." [jām'i al-'ulūm] embeddedurl
nigeriantribune sokoto state is the poorest state producing and exporting only religion and religious affairs. the governor's priority is to renovate the homesteads of the ulamas and other traditional rulers to generate more religion - and the governor is one of the enlightened leaders.
marx and nietzsche: "religion is a formidable opponent and their arguments are good and only slightly mistaken, their proofs for god are hard to disagree with" new atheists: "lol dae think religion stupid? god rock lift? lol" embeddedurl
saharareporters if only one huasa hero go come out and declared huasa nation, na dat time fulani's go understand the kind of loneliness dem dey . shey it was hausa , yoruba and igbo . where did fulani come from ??? are dey nigerians?? or is it because dey have same religion with hausa???
the sexist religion of peace. any women’s rights protestors????? coronavirus: why some mosques are closed to women during ramadan embeddedurl
shame on islamic terrorists who are wreaking havoc in the name of religion. there are many islamofascist bastards who humanize their brutal crimes. sadly they do it in the name of religion. it's time for them to introspect and evolve. israel themossadil embeddedurl
anvimishra13 vahsiriyat then for that, we need a much weaker rss-bjp and aimim... see how bjp sacked his sitting cm just for his one wise decision of conducting a symbolic kumbh due to the prevailing corona threat...in india religion is like oxygen for political survival now!!
wholesomeoldone religion would work alot differently if you could walk up to your god and stab them
tomorrow at 5:30 est the worldwide iuic sabbath class will be taught by none other than bishopnathanyel himself! fair warning to all members of christianity your religion is about to get deconstructed! bishops topic “christianity started the slave trade” embeddedurl
pmodelhi you have to return to your senses and read about islam because it is the only true religion and the religion that will enter you into paradise, as god exists
this is how the occupation raises their children !!! they raise them on hatred, racism, hostility and brutality and hate arabs and everyone who violates their religion !!! gazaunderattak israelterrorists israelicrimes embeddedurl
shehzad_ind ajbaniankush you gandu keep quiet, don't bring religion into this
n8rgrl magdalenajanina rampol_ cenkuygur good for you. neither do most people of faith. it you’re opinion that they live their lives like that based on your understanding.of how they interpret their faith & religion. i’m talking about people in their billions of whom you know nothing about. so stop generalising.
the old clown homes used too be rich surrounders they talked where these roads at end who won to join universe that's me, so religion in nova scotia hoped didn't know, i won.
proletariandoll biology has nothing to cultural and societal norms. african communities were largely collectivistic before colonization brought religion. it takes a village to raise a child. and most indigenous communities honor elders and women and integral parts of society. read a book.
howdy y'all so i have been reading the actual heartbeat bill that's trying to pass in texas. by the looks of it it kinda violates the constitution that we have. like they can't deny your abortion cause the state pass a law on it. especially if your religion gives you full-
rt kingdon_za: christianity is a white religion but we not ready to accept that
happening now across the country. myanmar's military arrest the young peoples, students, teachers, doctors, enginerrs, farmers, workers , religion leaders and civilians everywhere in country at days and nights. also they burn down the civilians's houses. whatshappeninglnmyanmar embeddedurl
honkytonkjew cnn i’m so confused by cnn’s tweet. sinners sinned? ok. “this is the straw that will break the religion’s back and get people to leave in droves”? someone actually wrote that headline (not to mention the story) and said, “hellz yeah. that’s the way”.
singhswetab tajinderbagga israelis are not killing terrorist they are killing people in the name of religion (muslims) that's what happened in gujarat in 2002 if u remember then too innocent people, childrens and pregnant womens were killed.
thisishiphop love that she knows a ton about nature but jack shit about religion
deepikabhardwaj amitarcher remyfernandes15 that is the basic problem with people like you deepika ..who call such thing a joke.pseudo seculars also started with just joke like this on hindu religion. you have being witness of the same isn't it.?
in religion today, prince cassandra the invisible has converted to following the teachings of the doctrine of janus. their subjects seem to be afraid.
sweden is deporting .rezarvhimi, a hazara refugee from afghanistan. reza is a human rights activist with views against organized religion that puts his life in immediate danger in afghanistan. saverahimi .hrw .amnesty .swedeninaf embeddedurl
rt iconic_gravity: normalize not arguing about religion,just serve the god you believe in
theeconomist dear god/ allah/ shiv/etc. my comment on ur planet - human being r enjoying smoking, alcohol, drug, porn, premarital sex & extramarital affairs so crime-rate & health-care budget is skyrocketing. they are fighting/killing each other based on nationality, religion, race & color.
this is not about religion, this is about humanity! kau manusia ke bukan?! savepalestine freepalestine alaqsaunderattack savesheikhjarrah embeddedurl
good morning tigray: land of king negash land of al nejashi land of hijra land of religion land of hospitality land of righteous land of resilient land of just & fair land of heroes (below: axumite christian king welcoming the first muslim refugees from mecca to his kingdom) embeddedurl
rt muhammadiyah "in the tarjih insight, religion is generally defined as allah’s and his prophets’ commands, prohibitions, and guidance. however, dahwan stated that the definition is only from one side of religion. embeddedurl muhammadiyah"
tamil nadu thowheed jamaath strongly condemns the mob lynching in the name of religion that took place in haryana. demands capital punishment for the culprits. thequint pchidambaram_in peteralphonse7 kanhaiyakumar justiceforasif embeddedurl
imtizionism coinabs that's why the chinese tear them down. they don't allow footholds. izlamb is a foothold religion.
you can’t find any other community of a religion being behaved like muslims. cruelty is okay when it comes to muslims. silence is okay when it comes to muslims. where is the part of that is called human then? aksadabaskinvar
ap an organization of countries based on a religion which is designed to protect dictators.
rt moesmbr: hk97xe0 also there's no mention in the religion that you gotta go visiting and shit. raya is culture. syawal is religion.
to clarify, i'm definitely blaming religion.
when god gave man and woman dominion in genesis 2, there was no religion. god gave us all the power to determine the direction of our lives irrespective of religious beliefs. you have the power to change your life and determine your outcomes. use it. praisesnuggets
oraekene1 karma as never existed....and we don’t always get what we deserve. some google people get good things while some bad. most bad people get good things.... we created karma as a one of the tools in religion to keep people morally upright according to particular standards.
what a relief when the whole lab is fully vaccinated!!! please get the vaccine, if you have the opportunity to do so. stop following naysayers. believe in science. science is the new religion and the only one worth following. embeddedurl
polishxcellence time to reform the religion for primogeniture i guess lol
foods is religion embeddedurl
"my religion is very simple. my religion is kindness." - dalai lama happybuddhapurnima goodmorning
pussy and religion is all i need.
ekwulu this is about the good and the bad. good people don’t see religion as rallying cry thing. bad people capitalise on their religion to cause mayhem
cenkuygur stop trying to defend this, "religion plays a part" is not even close to "they're battling about which side's sky god they pretend to speak to" ethnic conflict is the center, and the only major side that's motivation is religion is the one you didn't mention, us christian right
zerozilchmedia oregonian politics is the new religion.
two chinese from mainland were baptized during the china democracy party conference in la, ca. a group of christians went to the stage to pray for them. it is touching to witness a group of people who were deprived of freedom of religion to choose their religion. embeddedurl
yeah coz we aren't muslim educated from madarsa who will go out and kill professor for a joke or kill people just for saying something their religion! we keep patience... we are hindu secular & indian.. nothing wrong in that!! embeddedurl
(1/3) israel gives citizenship only to those who hold the religion of judaism. is there a country that simply says that you are a jew gives you citizenship without any other introductions, isn't this called racism ?! gazaunderattack savesheikhjarrah palestine embeddedurl
omideyiolaide ferdinanddike1 ayemojubar i was drawing a parallel btw the north and the south and i used religion as one of the significant social element to determine which part of the south is more compatible with the north.
yoloboyd02 brentdondalski benshapiro there should be a rule book when you can and can’t reference people being thrown in gas chambers gas burned alive because of their religion.
when any other national and any other religion having attacked by someone than all the countries specially western countries they are condemned why they can’t see what’s going in palestine why they close the eyes when muslim are facing this masjideaqsaisbleeding embeddedurl
drunkst3pdad spunkybuttmunch one of the myriad reasons i left religion. organized or otherwise. embeddedurl
—i acted wrongly/haram with me. because whatever we say, if we take religion by bits and pieces which we only found likeable, that’s secularism. trying to divide religion into compartments, so that it serve our temporal desire and needs at that moment is disrespectful to god.
protestinggirl immak02 azy493 hindu don't follow radical dharma. you people believe your religion is superior and rest are followings stupid traditions. but that's not true. we believe in sarv dharm samman.
government obey or jail school obey or fail religion obey or hell the whole system is ruled by fear collected
harvard we must be united as human beings regardless of nationality, religion, or ethnicity. we can not simplify this incident as a clash. it is an occupation and genocide. genocideingaza
aatma007 but that has nothing to do with islam and everything to do with men, right? if men are cruel or misinterpret islam for their own benefit, it is not the religion's fault, it's the man's fault. it does teach patience, men eating first or not cooking etc isn't a part of islam.
"the problem with morrison’s pentecostalism is not his faith but the secrecy surrounding it. it is disrespectful and dangerous for the pm to continually highlight to the australian people that he is religious but not answer questions about his religion." embeddedurl
walter white's chaotic beauty jonathanrheaps via breakingbad embeddedurl thursdaythoughts catholictwitter thursdayvibes catholic thursdaymorning religion thursdaymotivation theology
rw indian twitter when they find out judaism is an abrhamic religion embeddedurl
a biafra that will consider every necessity of life as being a human right not just in words but in deed. a biafra where there will be no strive or rancor. a biafra where men and women will be equal regardless of your religion, their sex, their orientation. 5/
idf what r u doing in their lands! who the hell r u to forcefully take their homes & kill them on daily basis! actually it is what ur religion has taught u because u r those who even aren't loyal to their own book. who have changed their own holy books! shame on u! israelterrorists
iburs17 johncleese you can make the joke, and offending those in power is hilarious. i’m not talking about the institution of islam though, i’m talking about citizens in uk, usa, aust etc that already experience loads of racist hate for their religion, and how cheap jokes empower that hate.
new religion just dropped embeddedurl
puntingl latimes tax em all. if the church of satan can pay its taxes, so can the rest of them. we should also set standards for what is a religion. no copyright or paywall for your religious texts. can't stop people doing it for free. that would eliminate a lot of these scams.
poison_ell uchepokoye ok if you say so...but i thought judaism is the religion and jews are the people???
blewupnewyork maybe so, but religion has them mostly wrong. *a grin* for one, they don't know we like ice cream.
rabindranath is the essence hidden in a love letter, or in kiss or in a mother's embrace, or father's worry. the beauty of unnamed relationships of passion, friendship and envy. rabindranath is the right opium of the masses in bengal not religion. wbtmcpofficial
nickmercs activision filistine is not alone. it is everyone's humanitarian responsibility not to remain silent to this cruelty without discriminating between language, religion and race. heargaza genocideingaza
rautparody61 i am indian first after hindu. i respect all religions and castes. when patient needs blood in hospital, doctor checks blood group only and does not see any caste and religion. embeddedurl
jihadwatchrs motive was to establish peace ....what kind of moron dont yet understand that islam is religion of peace.
oh, ryuho... for a "religion" that claims to want to spread happiness and utopia, you really do like to discriminate marginalized groups of people, huh? embeddedurl
“music is my religion.” - jimi hendrix embeddedurl
avfc_religion liverpool did the same vs utd i’m pretty sure
europe france bergerac travel food nature religion people emotion shop fashion market history sergeykorenev embeddedurl
marclamonthill 4noura i don't know how liars like marc lamont say it's not about religion,when the major dispute over jerusalem is that jewish temple was built there to symbolize judaism. al aqsah mosque was purposely built over ruins of jewish temple after arab conquest and it's their 3 holy site.
every human's life matters, irrespective of his religion, cast or creed. stop creating deference amongst people intensionally.
ap craryap keep your religion out of my vagina , you fckn arseholes .
exactly and i would like to understand why.. no other religion would tolerate and recieve the hate we get embeddedurl
youngsubkk no i didn’t say he wasn’t. i’m just referring back to your first tweet on how you said no evidence on jesus, when you could maybe find more evidence on jesus and the bible than other religion.
is religion the enemy of the people? “they say there's enough religion in the world to make men hate each other, but not enough to make them love.” ~louis cyphre~ embeddedurl
shysassy_girl harfanmaullah profvemsani the cases of untouchability outside india is not wide spread and not long lasting how many of the examples you had mentioned is based on religion and god ? ...contd
flowersenglish mailonline she 's dosent care she hasnt the same passion like the true british patriotic , some of these young men are from her own background their religion an roots ,boris is sticking up his turkish roots now , what a fu-king piss hole our countrys becoming ,:hear-no-evil_monkey::speak-no-evil_monkey:goodbye briton gone.
rossamc take religion out of state schools altogether. leave it for a sunday or whatever day is considered “special”. children need to see each other as people, not catholic, protestant, muslim or increasingly of no religion.
clear communication and compromise will be required in order to move things forward in the right direction. •old mirrors, religion, fashion, sunflowers, red, yellow, tulips, kundalini, alcohol, opposites attract, sunrise, one foot in, fire placements•
chanchanpool to mene b joke mara bas isme teri gnd kyu kilsi jo tune mere cmmnt ka rply diya or diya to thik usme bhi tu ye bhi tu galat ka saath dera h or vese tu sab religion ki respect krta h wah ye kehkr tune apne apko acha bnadiya jo ki tu nhi h
in what religion does god tell a grown man to slam a teenage boy against the wall and then kick him in the testicles? the republican kind of religion? embeddedurl via huffpostpol
atahasnain53 yashmor5 what kind of question is this yashmor5 ? when one earns indian army uniform he is neither doesn’t belong to any faith from there on. irrespective of their religion we are indians first. jis din wardi utar di.. uske baad you can ask such questions.
do you think bowenbbc jews need you to tell them what to read about their own religion? can you appreciate how patronising you are? embeddedurl
gus___fring abolfazlelabas realminiaoc attacking a religion because of a group that sold its religion and its people, therefore, is unreasonable
not many studies have been done on the mudjars period in spain when the christians reconquered al andalus, especially on how the moslims then conserved their religion. many lessons can be learned from there who can be relevant for nowadays moslims in the west. embeddedurl
is this how we want to raise our future generations!!!??? to kill a beautiful creature that god created!!! is this what religion teaches us!? tomorrow they will learn to kill each other’s!!!! we are creating monsters with no mercy and no kindness!! we need a change! kurdistan embeddedurl
i m indian and i too stands for palestinians because i think to save humanity doesn't matter from which religion we are westandwithpalestine westandwithgaza embeddedurl
i am sure nupursharmabjp knows about the vedic practice of shvan (dog) samadhi in which dogs are fed the dead bodies! shame, utterly shameful! using your religion to cover your incompetence and failure. embeddedurl
johnqpublic777 linguinelooking zaaas_ quicktake freedom of religion is what in the constitution. educate yourself, islam believes in all religion and books from allah/god. this includes christianity and judaism and all messengers and prophets. zionist is not a jew. they just want you to believe so. it is a political movement.
ayushwalia15 santosh63368477 why you hindus always interfere in our abrahamic religion matter....???? 1st see your religion how bodies throwing in chambers,in river ponds...
spring 2021 commencement // school of nursing, school of religion, division of adult learning ourcog embeddedurl embeddedurl
justice shouldn’t see nationality, race, tribe, or religion. it only sees humanity. there is no such thing as selective justice. shame on those powerful nations that claim to be a symbol of justice and yet remain silent when it is in their interest to do so.ghazaunderattack
adult topic, religion why could you not be photosynthetic? if a deity could do anything...then why could you not get plenty of energy from sunlight and or other forms of light? if the world simply evolved...then ok, the world is as it is. suppose a deity ...and it is a problem.
historyofmaghar the reason behind the war between hindus and muslims, was that both wanted to carry out the funeral ceremony of lord kabir according to their religion.when lord kabir left maghar fragrant flowers were found in place of his body. satlokchannel embeddedurl
rt ecessie: the comments, boobs trending. you can believe in god but not associate yourself with a specific religion.
the prophet saw said: “ a person is of the same religion of his close companion. so let everyone of you look for the person he has taken as a companion.”
noorie_tweets yamigautam haaaaa, look who's talking- ur religion promote terrorism. ur women can't come out of dark burkha . ur mosque is a rape centre. ur bro marry with ur sister. ur religious ideology is fake. so get a life aunty
kali gandaki river has a great influence on our culture and religion .one billion hindu wants to take holy deep into this river from himalaya to narayani confluence ,at all cost we maintain sanctity and purity of this river ...
that teacher really said he won't call kids by their preferred pronoun because of religion and he doesn't wanna lie to kids? if you don't wanna lie to kids dont teach em religion
hmamichaelaron i believe that the laws of the united_nations are the best legislation found on the universe that preserved human rights and their dignity without regard to his religion, color or race. so, the united nations and international security are gods of this time.
meghupdates samajwadi party in up always stand for dalit, that's why sp leader iqbal mehmood said that dalit and tribals are responsible for population explosion. populationcontrollaw is not meant for one religion, it's for every person who is indian. will bheem army speak against sp ?
rt _skarloey: tatmr in japanese is my new religion embeddedurl
mississippi sued for 'in god we trust' on license plates. the complaint accuses the mississippi of violating freedom of speech and religion by forcing them to display a religious message on their personal vehicles. demvoice1 wtpblue freshvoicesrise embeddedurl
i strongly condemn this old muslim man has been beaten up in a brutal manner, i do not believe, it is also taught in hindu religion, one who believes in ram ji also respects rahim, the one who believes in ram ji and rahim is a real hindu. failedyogisarkar rammandirscam embeddedurl
saraomalicha hakintorlar ovienews you lots are those who have been brainwashed by the leaders of the north to turn a blind eye to the evil they commit in the name of religion.
prmudau23 eixhntshu mousseofreshe cuesibiya don't even talk about religion,let alone christianity and muslims...those were stolen in our own history and used against us...just because we ain't in chains, doesn't mean we no longer slaves...
sandiebarrick nkrankie it already is happening. mosques are continuing to indoctrinate the 7th c practises of islam. mark my words, islam is not a religion of peace.
willrossuk chris_smithsj naw, your religion has done enough damage.
repschneider ilhan democracy wouldn't make roads limited access to 1 group of people based on their religion and destroy homes to make settlements for 1 group of people that is something isis did and isisrael is doing
because no agenda except religion and caste otherwise deficit of brain embeddedurl
thehill good! i don’t even like catholicism but i think good! politicians don’t get to say what religion does. you people are once again going to insanity land and hypocrite hideout.
illegal crores of bangladeshi and rohingya intruders are living comfortably in our country which is effecting our economy, religion, livelihood. india_want_nrc embeddedurl
elijah the tishbe , eliyyahu, hebrew prophet who ranks with moses in saving the religion of yahweh from being corrupted by the nature worship of baal. elijah “yahweh is my god” theswordofelijah embeddedurl
yourmomcantbes1 galactic_emilio atheistangel23 pastorlocke and no one hates you because of your religion. you can believe what you like. weaponising it and being a complete moron because of it is more the thing people take issue with, karen.
i grew up surrounded by religious people with no ethics. i'd rather have ethical people with no religion.
aajtak gouravvallabh anjanaomkashyap if caa is on the basis of religion, then what is muslim personal law. muslims reply gently
"if you are tolerant of everything, then you stand for nothing" andrew tate islam__religion_of__ethics
ctvnews be careful what you promote. the truth is the ‘religion’ took nomad children and placed them in closed quarters and forced school and religion on them. twisted yes, a crime, absolutely. these are not criminal mass graves tho. these kids died of disease exposure 98% of them did.
marketwatch no thank you. old glory represents the blood of our forefathers that gives us all the freedoms we adore today. that same flag represents a free people regardless of race, creed or religion.
tedlieu usccb you pick and choose what you believe, that’s not what being a christian is. if you call jesus lord then he is lord not you, you don’t get to choose what you follow and do not. you’re religion is a false one, one of convenience.
allowing discrimination to continue is the wrong move. freedom of religion means you have the right to practice your religion; it does not mean you have the right to hate and bully people because you're religious.
"if a person who got job under reservation converts to another religion either before appointment or thereafter, the person would forego the right to such appointment under the respective quota. service of such employee must be terminated" embeddedurl
interestingly, he was also said to be practising a unique religion which blended christianity, islam, african traditional religions and even paganism. he also blended it with the profiteering motive of his business outfits.
blasphemy_d religion is 21st century's cancer. i am still wondering why the fucc believers still exist, when all advanced technologies we have debunk ideas of some "supreme creature", imaginary worlds like 'hell' and 'heaven' and other paranormal shit maybe mass dementia is indeed the answer
staropinion “the one thing with leftwing ideologues is that they’re fanatical...it’s their religion,” thatcher on fanatics slowly taking over the labour party (universities, media). "the whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves".
"he doesn't care about anything" yeah the word of a book from a religion i don't even believe in is everything. good going bitchy stepmom
surround yourself with people who are ready to help you in your bad times without knowing your cast or religion. twl
bro please don't suspend your sympathy for our brothers in the north, they are highly brainwashed with most especially religion. we must find a way to fall that fence of brain washing over there. embeddedurl
elikohn3 religion is a modern concept. ethno-religion is more accurate. we are a culture, nation with a common language.
listen i know religion is a major part of history but there’s at least one bible question every round if not an entire .??? what about the hundreds of other religions in america??? the thousands worldwide???
silverdraws neither have i. we were just doing covers tonight, bad religion, bad brains, gash, stiff little fingers. ruined em all, but i could not care. it was fun. holgate is 180 degrees opposite the way you go to the scarborough pub from the station. other side of the canal.
i’m baffled why all these physicists are shocked that einstein’s theories aren’t perfect & turning out to be i’m not a genius & i could have predicted this. science isn’t a religion, but too many treat it as such. it’s a process of understanding what we refuse to accept.
don't struggle with assignments when we can help you out at a pocket-friendly price essay due project macroeconomics term paper thesis trigonometry religion. pay someone calculus marketing chemistry online classes research paper uk usa uae saidiarabia kuwait embeddedurl
"the evangelization challenge for the church is to show that catholicism is not an obsolete religion filled with superstitious bigots and conspiracy theorists." except the only ones who actually think this is true are disillusioned libs who want the church to conform to them embeddedurl
indian citizenship is for everyone irrespective of religion, cast, creed, color, region, language, culture. stopcaapolitics
almaforarizona phxchildrens stopantisemites abc15 12news meghanmccain azcentral have u called phxchildrens to open an inquiry ? she is not safe around any child - not matter the religion
shollywoods ericajong it's not just a religion. there are atheist jews. it is also ethnicity/history/culture. just like you can be russian even if you've lived your whole life in the us, and someone of, say, irish heritage who moves to moscow and becomes a citizen might not be considered "russian".
goodlifefitness can goodlife apply to be a religious establishment in ontario so that it can open with 15% of indoor capacity starting tomorrow? i will happily join your religion!
don’t joke with my mother’s religion .
this is the sense in which influential religion scholar martin marty used it in 1980 to compare the ayatollah khomeini with jerry falwell (!). embeddedurl
to be completely honest the way everything is right now if you're not for securing and protecting our constitutional rights you are openly saying that they don't matter and we are opposition. regardless of race religion or sexual preferences if that's the case, let the war begin.
the freedom of religion or belief is a fundamental human right. yet groups such as the rohingya muslims, the yazidis, nigerian christians and the uyghurs continue to face violence and persecution. so why has the past decade seen such a marked increase in forb violations? (1/3) embeddedurl
the simple faith of franklin delano roosevelt: religion's role in the fdr presidency (kindle edition) by christine wicker embeddedurl
shashitharoor ishaantharoor a party that had allowed the "all india muslim personel law board" despite having the indian constitution or the rule of law. a party that rendered dozens of laws based on religion, is discoursing about the rule of law. isn't it embodies the congress party's hypocrisy!
realrogerboyce dbseymour it isn’t a game. people should not be discriminated against based on the colour of their skin, their gender or religion. that goes for ‘white’ people too. teaching cultural awareness so people have a better understanding is what they should be doing.
religion for sure embeddedurl
774_ngr “religion of peace” at it’s best. and the painful thing is that the foolish igbos that build houses in the north will not see this until it comes at them and they’ll start crying
we don't need any version of ramayana by these hinduphobic bollywood once again surely they will hurt the religious feeling of hindus by their act y don't they make a movie on other religion god's?? i haven't seen any movie made on other religion have u?? boycottkareenakhan embeddedurl
gregabbott_tx unless you don’t like the religion.
bkschwartz bell00david protean_man please name one event in history where the science didn't evolve to better understanding as more empirical knowledge was uncovered. but this time is different right? an unchanging, unquestionable narrative is not science. it's religion. science is a fluid dynamic.
ilomagyar pufpufpafpaf cjtelephone1 uman5819 maceoderby200 newus071 plegba si_or_just_si billygi17133688 datagramtwo samisoderlund __heijdens__ wssstom hkcalvinwong denutrients wise_project paape1752 kompadontgiveup agreewitme wandaspangler2 sylviegelinet diurpagissa truthwinslie1 phiyaatv kissmyassnwo david95872227 jdmereweather gracealiyah100 coin_pattern rolouzis boudiccaaaa mrsrajeshdodeja stranger_poetry forfreespeech1 anon__truther gracealijah billbel80925644 tatecharon ds13_manon cyberspacegod withoutwax4 urylle mancorrupted sagmetox pmahart spannishchicken jk09648032 thegamingground verkamerik quovadisweblog very unique (and frightening) images! you must be very knowledgeable about religion, history and art. i found this about the first picture, if somebody else is interested. embeddedurl
vakeel_sb richa_singh calling out fundamentalism in any religion is the only touchstone. there have been threads explaining the importance of the caste system. does it make it ok? there is a difference between being an unapologetic hindu or muslim and being condescending and regressive.
some have turned to this modern religion, called christianity. others, like me, are convinced that recovering the culture we lost is essential [t]o giving direction not only to ourselves, but also to future generation[s].”/end
want to scrap caa? fine. then scrap: ~minority institutions ~reservations on the basis of religion ~scholarships on the basis of religion ~literally any welfare scheme based on religion you can't have the best of both worlds. embeddedurl
..including cops etc are involved and big names, trust me big names are involved in this and they are all guilty. terrorists in the veil of culture, religion etc ..
the best thing you can do for yourself and family is wealth creation. we live in a selfish and greedy world. without substance, you are tossed around. be it family gatherings, church, politics etc. being poor is a pain. religion cannot insulate you from the pains of being poor.
chandrakbose ji, r u completely taken away by mamataofficial? people of bengal except hindus clearly voted for religion & divisive politics. shame on the way bengal stood out after election results and the way hindus were brutally treated. is that bhadralok? bengalburning embeddedurl embeddedurl
elonmusk briannorgard elonmusk i thought religion is;)
historyofmaghar the reason behind the war between hindus and muslims, was that both wanted to carry out the funeral ceremony of lord kabir according to their religion.when lord kabir left maghar fragrant flowers were found in place of his body.visit utube satlok ashram godnight
check out this listing i just added to my poshmark closet: ladies true religion jeans. embeddedurl shopmycloset poshmarkapp
minysoda87 it’s actually choi youngjae’s own personal earring! it has to do with his religion :) embeddedurl
is no truth in 'christianity',all you see is deception and miracles used for more and more deception.)you have smitten them.(yes you were smitten before,but did you repent!)but they did not weaken;(they didn't listen,they went back to 'white' man religion and continue to lead
_nekopara my religion is nekopara
the pitcher puts religion first and rests on holidays
je_suis_free exmoslemsinc we are talking more so about what an ideology permits and whether it stands the philosophical grounds against actions we all agree are depraved. anyone who has a depraved sexuality is not religious- they are always detached from religion, even if brought up with it.
drandrewb the hypocrisy is sickening..no amount of pious gives the right to inflict genocide on another that don’t believe the same religion
most peaceful religion embeddedurl
therefore, the spreading of extreme hatred towards and loathing of jain religion by raising accusations against jain dharma, scriptures, and its followers by anoop mandal, must be instantly prohibited. 4/7 bananoopmandal narendramodi naqvimukhtar pmoindia
admirablesage mscatuluna dclmhq jidesanwoolu pastorwf_kumuyi that would mean that religion is not necessarily responsible for our calamities wouldn't it? even when the church was the state, they kept the economic train moving didn't they? even though there were some serious political errings.
foolsbelieve jasondogwood celtm that's not how freedom of religion works. i agree they should lose their tax exempt status for electioneering. but, you don't get to tell them how or what to believe.
yoongisupremacy ill join ur religion
danak65 religion..... isn't that something you start wars with?
odenbk cause i dnt think my finite mind can ever fully grasp everything about the spirit world ( religion is a separate issue) . i take every day, every experience as it comes. i keep it simple. what i dont know i dont know. what i dont understand i dont understand.
our ancestors/gods are revolted at how blindly follow religion as africans
cknw i'm religion free and hate the fact that religious groups don't pay tax ,but vandalism is just wrong.i hope there's security cam video.
it is ok to disagree with certain things about your religion. it is ok. so tell me, what is an example of something in the quran that you do not agree with?
cosmic_signpost ayaan i knew she was under a fatwa, and spoke critically of the religion & culture she grew up in. for my sins, i didn’t prioritise reading her work because she was right wing. i’m less closed-minded about that now, thanks to recent events.
charliekirk11 pearl harbor was december 7 1941. this was a day our amazing nation made a step from "ideal" to reality "christmas" is an affront to the unity of december 7th. we now have 2 winter holidays—and one of them based on religion shame on the gop for supporting this
sac terrorists stormed a monastery in thegone village, hopin in mohnyin last night, brutally beaten monks & tied with rope, destroyed the properties with gunfires. they have no respect on any religion. legalize nug july5coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
uberfacts with time travel, we could determine what religion is right (if any)
say: lo! as for me, my lord hath guided me unto a straight path, a right religion, the community of abraham, the upright, who was no idolater. q6:161
i only ask this because when we condemn russians right to free speech, we're defending our constitution, which has no jurisdiction in russia unless it is considered under international law., which applies to everyone. when we differ in politics or religion,we're still americans.
saharareporters how can a religion instruct you to kill another human?
saharareporters barbaric wicked fools, using religion to perpetrate their wickedness.
wow in a country that claims to be filled with intellects and professors?i say it and i repeat again nigeria is doomed,the length at which religion has eaten us deep is alarming,imagine being this bold to order death outrightly because of a prophet who don’t even recognize your embeddedurl
muslim religion founder hazrat muhmmad and their 1 lakh 80 thousand followers had never touch ed and eaten meat so on which basis are muslim religion brother and sister having meat. allahdidnotallowtoeatmeat रब_की_रूह_न_मार visit saint rampal ji maharaj youtube channel. embeddedurl
jesus wasn’t religious religion is like politics. they take things and make it theirs. so we cant talk about it. i’m not religious. i’m not political. you can discuss anything and anyone in my realm. they’ll never own me.
sac terrorists stormed a monastery in thegone village, hopin in mohnyin last night, brutally beaten monks & tied with rope, destroyed the properties with gunfires. they have no respect on any religion. legalize nug july5coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
a 2006 law passed by virbhadrasingh govt in himachalpradesh was exactly same as passed by yogiadityanath govt last yr under the freedom of religion ordinance: nupursharmabjp, national spokesperson bjp, tells navika kumar on thenewshour. | modibacksyogimodel embeddedurl
i noticed one thing, muslims could only defend their religion using the ‘morality card’ because the concept morality itself has no basis like islam. science will crush islam like a cockroach.
chescaleigh i have this weird idea that that's the reason shellfish are banned in jewish religion. someone came back to their village from a week away, found the town poisoned, saw bivalves and shrimp, and said nope! no more of that, thanks. rabbi techa said it was a bad idea, now we now.
myogiadityanath ensure elections in up are after 13th april when jupiter moves to pisces his own house. other wise it can be as deceptive as bengal results. jupiter is the planet governing religion and bjp
indguevara bharwadhamirg shaan20sep md786786saif singlephoton_27 arifaajakia i have said everything...i dont want anything to be banned.... 2nd....i dont agree with ur statement na....by banning anything... religion will be considered as above the country!! most literate state has neither banned alcohol nor beef... m fyn with it....
alextheguiri mrjkilcoyne it's not tye definition of xenophobia. wearing a veil is nothing to do with ethnic origin or religion , its a personal choice. they were banned for years in turkey for public employees, how can turkey be xenophobic against itself?
brother, please revert to sanatan dharma, the religion of your ancestors. this is the only way for you to lead un-stained and prosperous life. embeddedurl
rt sassye: practicing african traditional religion embeddedurl ehimeora
tears of worship⠀ ⠀ i humbly invites you⠀ to join us this sunday cci, dansoman opposite dela restaurant, 2pm prompt!⠀ ⠀ jesus god holyspirit faith faithful photography instapic music grace pray prayers praying amen believe religion urban spiritual embeddedurl
anvi_tweets divided by religion united by bigotry
rt ruhan_q: the day this country is free from "religion" everything will be better
embeddedurl fear & misery in kunduz - this is what fundamentalist sunni islam wroughts as much as one would like not to label a religion. it is in the name of that religion that the taliban stalks the streets & kills innocent people​ to bring back its islamic emirate.
shockblasterfn hypex from whatever religion u are from. ur probably atheist or something.
new indian and new politics - whoever do not tow their line of fake nationalism will be enemy . people of every religion will be beaten and lynched in this new india .
claytravis presssec jen psaki forgot about the first amendment of the us constitution. "congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech." the us government may not interfere with free speech
drkarlynb watching this crap go on gives me flash backs to the religious right authoritarianism of the 80s and 90s. i’m a conservative, i’m just not a conservative that demands religion(which seems to be brought up the most) to be tied to my political beliefs.
mangc0re mangism my new religion
rt seethakkamla: first religion now region assammizoramboarder embeddedurl
this sucks! really!!! i hate discrimination in all its forms! be it size, race, religion or sexual orientation! we are all humans for crying out loud! embeddedurl
i discussed our views on various issues like up elections, right to propagate religion and rise in communal attacks on muslims.. please watch and share.. embeddedurl
oh, i learned one thing as we gathered and "pray" with the other 5 religion in indonesia yesterday, that is... even so we may not agree on what the government is doing, we still need to pray for our country. at least less crap talking and more praying for indonesia.
rt anurasarts: i have a new religion: frog embeddedurl
dr_gloom1296 musinghistorian pastorlocke as i've said before, you may disagree, you may not like us but that doesn't change the facts: the constitution grants us the right to gather and practice our religion so long as we do so in peace. the government doesn't get the right to say otherwise.
robert_j_irwin markofthed belief in oneself, belief in other people, belief in morality and the rule of law, belief in science. plenty to navigate through the world, plenty of frames of reference, none of which require religion.
child sex trafficking is big business globally. it doesn't matter the race, religion or culture. think about that for a minute. it's big business to rape & molest children. some of y'all some sick mf's i swear...
rt sovietvisuals: "prison for heart and mind" soviet anti-religion poster, 1970s embeddedurl
dazzdzatron uk_republic the top three religions (christianity, islam & hinduism) with 5.45 billion people believe that smoking, alcohol, drug, porn, premarital sex & extramarital affair are sin without referring any religion...i can prove that most of the crimes & health issues are related to these sin.
elroy198567 the crusades, the inquisition, the salem witch trials were all about violently promoting christianity. but i hear many christians these days say christianity is a religion of peace. none of the abrahamic religions are about peace, though they claim to be.
the custom of having a sublime character like the prophet. alratv sufi master younusalgohar imam mehdi goharshahi custom prophetictradition prophet muhammad acceptance religion faith sufism tariqat spiritual muslim deen islam mosque character quran sunnah embeddedurl
the_oneeyedking yourfavsmuslim that's a sexuality not a religion ???
kushal_mehra hindus always vote by development. muslim vote by their religion.
gistloversblog1 my religion doesn’t allow me to pray for my oppressors
just like a renown feminist chimamanda reminds us about feminism and what it should ideally stand for is the same way wole soyinka (scholar) cautions the extent to which we can go for religion! just treat people as you wish to be treated, irrespective of their religion, gender!
late om puri ji was just spectacular in the film, he guides salman khan by saying love has no religion. .... . 6yrs of gem bajrangi bhaijaan
fispahani hope both sides remember uighar caps! china by policy is no religion non sense toleranting, have a good time with communists.
rt realdavid_: religion insults human reason and conscience
arsenalman1ac barneysbrocode ani ohh shut the f00k ...you are multiplying here like mosqueties with no problem , show me one nation where ms are majority and any other religon lives there peacefully santana dharma is most tollerent religion,where even non belivers have a place .. 1/2
is sharia law in india crossing the limits in a country where every religion is given equal importance.
churchgoers, if the priest conducting a sermon starts to talk about politics. by all means stand up, challenge him and leave. priests doesnt define religion and faith.
remember the truth is in every religion. not everything in each religion is truth. embeddedurl
syedtaqizaidi22 zaidi!do not equate basis of religion with optional rituals
tasleekpapi and who told you this a religion asln
zuddhawater drsimonegold it seems you may be missing her point about christians having strong convictions as well as the numbers to overcome these injustices of human rights. what group “beyond religion” has a sense of urgency for humanity & meets once a week in public settings? there isn’t one
if it's a hindu fstivl surely u idiots will find a way to bcme environment friendly nd forget ur traditions,but whn it comes abt a muslim festival u guys be like,there's no secularism,our religion is dominated, rights violated.there's no harm to env in hinduism bakralivesmatter
i live in a very "liberal" city....masks were a religion. i did not wear a mask. i was kicked out of stores, i was stared at, i was called selfish. i do not care about "fitting" in. i did what i believed was right because i am in charge of my life. you are in charge of yours.
they can make history stagnant. in reality the right to violate the rights of the people belongs to the people, though religion to control and oppress, and people as a means of liberation.
okay we talked so many esc 21 songs which had something related to religion but we forgot that go_a one of the national selection song was named tserkovka ( to church) .... what if that had been chosen
marcgoldie atrupar it seems like it’s official. we’ve finally entered the era where it’s science vs religion. science not faring well at the moment. science help us.
in a way, religion limits independent thinking because there’s an ultimate authority and an ultimate source of truth (religious text, ie bible) that shape how people think and live.
denaepfa chris_notcapn it’s the “my religion says i can’t bake a cake for a gay wedding” scenario with slightly different words
janabw81 as i recall, the first european settlers camer to the us to escape religious persecution, which is why freedom of religion is specified in the bill of rights. it doesn’t say freedom of religion for christians only. also we are known by some as a$$holes
faroukfromdeep nice submission, this boils down to the fundamental rights to practice your religion, i am for it. should we not now push for the wearing of religious attires by every person that wants to? i mean it will entrench even our religious rights acts more
the_limberlost andrewdoyle_com gbnews gender identity ideology needs to be called out as the new, government sponsored, misogynistic, homophobic religion that it is.
stand4unborn brifd dragonblaze kpheaney ah_science seculawyer souled_dark takethatdarwin cardinals_book dwyertd rjdownard cubesteve tbesserwisser nonprophet75 erichkays tsatheist pbderbysatheist bellpipe41 will you be fine with someone telling you those words if they were from another religion? that you will be punished not for being a bad person but just for not being a part of their religion and doing what they say and thinking how they think without questioning.
jummah fridaymotivation islam__religion_of__ethics embeddedurl
voice of the living god - 25.07.2021 jesussaves inspiration life lord motivation salvation biblejournaling religion wordofgod praise godislove holybible godsword bhfyp catholic christians quotes instagood biblia bibleverseoftheday jesusislord wisdom bible embeddedurl
found in the only species that practices religion. embeddedurl
bahá'ís believe that there is only one real religion, which is the religion of god. the different faiths we see in the world are different approaches to that religion. stophatepropaganda bahaiopaindia bahaibic bahai
vixsterm davidmweissman hobbylobby the thing about "the under g-d" line... it was added by congress in the 50's as a middle finger to communism. they also added it to our currency. communism does not permit religion. embeddedurl
roboyte any religion not based on love and acceptance is false
i'm a big proponent of freedom of religion so i will defend to the death the right of my insane neighbors to jog with masks on in 90 degree heat.
"the order of prayer prescribed by the church of england, is itself a body of divinity. in it, all the doctrines, all the leading principles, and all the precepts of our religion are summed up." -a manual for priests, 1815 embeddedurl
good reminder that 'freedom of religion' only ever applies to christianity embeddedurl
this is horrifying. mainly the religion part, someone can have a medical emergency in a hijab and the doctor can just refuse embeddedurl
philosophy of religion and ethics embeddedurl
the nigerian elite mostly uses religion as a tool to deceive the electorate. it is weaponized, just like ethnicity and poverty. they are props for mind control. christians and muslims, the elite are united in a common goal of oppression of the masses. citizens must wake up & act! embeddedurl
historymarche mo7atm dear vlad, i am as a muslim appreciate your efforts to explain all the battles not only that related to my religion. also, thank you abu seetah mo7atm to let us know about the historymarche channel on the youtube great work .. keep goin
jagaban79401041 afamdeluxo it’s an attack on gimgba. every religion has some gray areas and we accept them and chose to believe regardless. but that shouldn’t make one look down on another’s religious beliefs.
kangana ranaut asked, under the pretext of amir’s divorce, why change religion only to marry a muslim? embeddedurl
sunni jamal mosque in south okkalapa, ygn sold five eggs with only 100 kyats to help people in needs during this crisis. people are genuinely helping each other regardless of race or religion. ourgovernmentnug july30coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
i have no caste , no religion , no locality , i am an indian - pawankalyan !! advancehbdjanasenani embeddedurl
using d rush of blood and forcing them to take lives on the name of religion..now,when so called hindu saviour's confidence is on lower side of winning an election..dey are just saying dear bhakts u were tool then..u r tool now..beware bfr dng crime 4 these bosses mohanbhagwat
no other religion ? embeddedurl
arifalvi said that we [the people] should reaffirm our commitment to building a state that respects the diversity of its masses and provide equal opportunities to its citizens irrespective of their religion, caste, creed or colour. nopower_canundo_pakistan
dfirmness jilla27 jonnathannx nypost not just talking about abrahamic religion, btw. throughout history there has been no faithless society to exist long term. without some kind of unifying ideal to provide values, which was the original point, a society cannot continue to exist.
nhannahjones religion is the source for most of the violence on this earth since the beginning.
bacon6966 onlinesavant i’m guessing math wasn’t your strong point. i tried, see ya. enjoy your new religion.
anyways ryota manspreading is my religion embeddedurl
there is a growing awareness among scholars of international relations that religion is an important factor in global politics. though it is not the only factor, religion influence international relations in multiple ways embeddedurl
done with gandhi and may i just say na grabe ang brutality ng jallianwalah bagh massacre and yet, nagpatayan sila para maghati for religion??? embeddedurl
tellum666 been thinking it through for over 40 years, will be happy to see those holidays replaced by republic day & whatever, religion is not part of my life
adamdrakon answersinreason the entire history of religion is an assumption/presumption of agencies with intent. we see agency everywhere, even supposedly rational me has punched his alarm clock for waking him up. is it a false positive, and how could we tell?
the gods of indian country: religion and the struggle for the american west. america embeddedurl
would have the country destroyed from trying to command the actual dragon. the would have the country destroyed from trying to convince their serpent imitations were the serpent from religion.
harambeactual one of the things i love most about this new religion is because it states "try not to be an asshole." it doesn't specify how much trying should be done so it covers me perfectly
it’s weird both my parents found religion after divorce & my dad just called to tell me he is getting ordained. meanwhile their only child is struggling & they’re both financially stable:upside-down_face:
rohini_sgh but why this happened in peaceful religion?
i just subscribed to religion unplugged’s week in headlines embeddedurl because it's religion news you won't get anywhere else.
test enjoy & circulate incredible elected itemization in 'rev against religion- protestantism' embeddedurl thanks to revkevdeyoung wearecatholic prolife
the anointing of the spirit is going to be more radiant as you learn to hear the voice of god over and above the voice of religion and tradition. the secret in honoring prophet_elvis embeddedurl prophetelvismbonye embeddedurl
yhwhuniversity heyitscarolyn sekusa1 d_anngg obannons1969111 kimmerztweets otherrealmsauth clowncollegede1 investigator_51 red3691 sissy4trump familyfirstcorp womenforkag anon_ravn kagqueen gop original tweet deleted i didn't take down my tweet after twitter legal contacted me they said the country of india was suing me because of an anti-muhammad post apparently you can't say anything bad about any religion there i wanted to respond to the complaint but
cmdrfrog dphamilton joenbc you're thinking about it all wrong. do you think people go to church just to try to get happy feelings? people go to church to worship their god. those feelings are often a result. ultimately it comes down to a belief in god, if you don't, religion won't make sense.
harish80635127 shashi_147 that is your understanding embeddedurl u are changing..but my understanding is embeddedurl won't change. i will fight on problem..i won't escape from problem.. every religion having these..not all christians & muslims not allowed to same church&majid!!
"essay writing competition" topic: role of youth in building the nation moral system everyone living in jagtial can participate irrespective of religion (females only) dm for submission details! jazakallah khair giojagtial embeddedurl
layer 04: religion, frame 4784 / 17114 embeddedurl
he talked about men giving head in the parking lots which was wrong (to me) and nas made a video about satan with shoes to make which was disrespectful to religion (to me) stay in your corner if you straight be that, gay? be that. don’t believe in god? okay, you do? . tf.
brie is my religion embeddedurl
article 31 of the 39 articles of religion of the church of england embeddedurl
this is what republicans mean when they say “america first.”what is worst, they hide behind religion. remember the guy looking for the front of the bible? embeddedurl
kuruthi - a gripping & effective religion based chamber thriller (happens mostly in one place) - 1st 25mins slow - prithviraj comes only after 45 mins. his villainism was - 1st half - thrilling+engaging. - 2nd half has few drags but screenplay - overall a good 1 time watch embeddedurl
also, for democracy to work, it has to be the first priority over any one religion.
so i came across an ig acc today that was clearly spreading hate speeches about one religion in particular!! christianity. my question is why? why so much hate? why no respect for other religions? where is secularindia ???
layer 04: religion, frame 4574 / 17114 embeddedurl
pakistan was established in the name of islam and continues to travel with the power of islam till the last world war begins with the battle of islam as a result of which the whole world but only one religion will prevail islam! pakistanzindabad independencedaypakistan embeddedurl
reuters 'religion' has long been used for thousands of years as a weapon to terrorize, belittle women, keep slaves and burn people in the name of 'god'. and ud find these same people just use religion but don't believe in it afghanistancrisis afganistan talibanterror afghanishtan embeddedurl
layer 04: religion, frame 7740 / 17114 embeddedurl
layer 04: religion, frame 5678 / 17114 embeddedurl
letsgetitbetter coachblade agree "classical liberalism" used to designate the ideology advocating private property, an unhampered market economy, the rule of law, constitutional guarantees of freedom of religion and of the press, and international peace based on free trade. embeddedurl
realstory_of_hazratmuhammad hazrat mohammed ji stalked a cow and resurrected it at the mercy of allah kabir, but after that muslim religious leaders started killing innocent creatures in the name of religion. bakhabar on earth embeddedurl
gurusevak1020 before mughals came.. which religion's rashtra india was then?
it isn’t about terrorism, any religion that uses murder as a “penance” should be condemned embeddedurl
layer 04: religion, frame 7718 / 17114 embeddedurl
for 300 days, attacks by ethiopian & eritrean forces, have destroyed buildings dedicated to religion, education, charitable causes, culture, history & hospitals. bmz_bund regsprecher auswaertigesamt heikomaas don’t look away! 300daysoftigraygenocide embeddedurl
nytimes so many humans allow themselves to be mental hostages to religion. why? why can't humans be secure enuf to admit that they, like all living earth organisms, will return to the earth at death. nothing more; no 2nd lives. all who sell these lies = frauds. sorry...no, not really.
i only accept one religion embeddedurl
...their members to stop wearing ear rings, short dresses, make ups and so on, just exactly how slaves owners brand their slaves palms, shoulders, buttocks, or cheek with a branding iron. this makes it obvious that religion is a pyramid scam.
sehrishjsultan tries to harrase a girl ppl make kachoomar of him, boys are also killed in the name of honor as girls. i think this depends on culture of region. religion has done justice with everyone but unfortunately ppl don’t.
forscandinavia wargarw god7old they want to cut off people from their roots. the ancestral identity. on ideological level - religion. but circumstances as war, famine, plagues etc. helps with that, because then people search for help rather than reject interference from outsiders. indoctrination = pacification
randolf828 theivorobotnik joedge___ popeyedoyle28x2 wecanbuzz i am sorry you can't see how hypocritical everything you say is but you are literally no different in any way from a religious zealot except your religion is hating religion.
i would agree that the census question on religion is presumptive i'd been putting 'anglican' on census for years bec i was christened anglican - but i'm not religious. i've therefore been adding to false data this year i will be putting 'no religion' embeddedurl
muslims marrying outside religion is anti-islamic, says all india muslim personal law board; reports rashmi sharma embeddedurl
your self-worth is exactly the worth that you have 4 your parents,ur culture,ur religion,ur traditional wisdom that comes down thru embeddedurl proud of religion,parentage,our culture & wisdom.acharyasabha avdheshanandg manjeetnegilive sadgurudev_goa vhpdigital
im_sandybelle mrodanz hope is very essential for human existence. whether you believe in religion or not, hope keeps us going.
upon request and never ask for any favours. when the covid19 virus was spreading in wuhan, india rescued people from many countries, including maldives and bangladeshis, regardless of religion. we also need to understand that it was done in the name of humanity by india and
ruthmw thisnonhumanity caminterfaith sounds interesting! summary? what does she mean 'decolonising religion'!?
haleystusk juellz3 snowden apple no one likes 2 think they’ve been made a fool most of their lives, let alone radicalised but here we are capitalism’s akin 2 an extremist religion that sets itself apart from others by removing the humanity & reducing most ppl 2 economic liabilities we can do better than this embeddedurl
cbcottawa of the 689 how many are fat? i mean over weight?? or old af ?? i mean over 70-80 ish?? any on pills to stay alive before this?? just a few random questions the media never asks or would even answer if known haha .. maybe the religion matters too.. any catholics??
ahmadrusli khaledbeydoun liar!! it's not "women" it's "girls" under the age of 17, until the last year of high school who are not allowed to wear the islamic veil in order to preserve their freedom of thought. something your religion doesn't care about - at all!!
travelogue she has practiced buddhism for 5 yrs. she has a 3-yr-old daughter from previous relationship, the father is a daoist. she said she will let daughter choose her own path once she is 18. china religion freedom photo/chinachat serrrrrrgioxu embeddedurl embeddedurl
identify the enemy “islam is a political movement masquerading as a religion.” importing foreign muslims is sponsoring our own suicide. the takeover of the untied states is not protected under 1a meet us admiral (ret) james “ace” lyons february 11, 2015 washington dc embeddedurl
what is your favorite religion out of all these options? (alphabetically arranged)
the network of women in media, india, urges the indian govt to immediately facilitate visas for afghan journalists, especially women, and their families. such evacuation must be without any discrimination, especially any based on religion or ethnicity. embeddedurl
bircherism brain worms, cont.: "because, if our exceptions are religious, valuating [sic] them violates our right to exercise religion the way we understand it. that becomes a 'communistic control' for the benefits of a 'few' to prosecute 'the many'...." embeddedurl
wetfartingass and plus, how did my religion come into me making fun of the pirates because of how bad of a team they are. you can leave at anytime. hating on me because i believe in god. you’re the type of people that make this world a terrible places because you hate without even knowing me
make no mistake. female children are being raped as you blink- by the "taliban". money and/or religion are failures. afganistan abolition
lioninwinter44 a religion that treats woman like shit
tw33tk mqakhokhar hannan021 "harappa was hindu civilization" it is till date not sure which religion was followed there.
you cannot trust people that happily volunteer as a part of a twisted religion to take themselves out for a "cause"
_btcole cringezealot yourghostfrend religion and masonry and any other non-factual belief system are the ones making the claims. rational thinking demands some evidence. i have yet to see any (no one has), therefore the burden is on religion. i'm not selling anything or recruiting anyone....you all are.
we very much believe in god, like every twin. we are christians who want to write a book about religion, why its good based on a scientific perspective. we checked this a bit, we very much believe in marriage... we almost never took drug,.. i broke the law a bit, did small crimes
destiny_lif how religion destroys everything and humanity all around allows it
thomaskaine5 work at home, and study religion. there fixed it for .
layer 04: religion, frame 16495 / 17114 embeddedurl
afghanistan war is empowered by islam as taliban pray to allah 5 times a day and cut people's throat 100 times. is it the religion's fault to make 10 million bad muslims in 2 thousand yrs? yes it is! they'll never get out of hell! embeddedurl via opindia_com
worship and adore your new religion. since you are so weak for your god, why don't you start worship her goon don't think goon go weak goon no more resisting catfishkatek embeddedurl
we don't mind if you are atheist and hate hindu religion.but nobody has given you right to sell it off to other missionaries and try to divert the mindset of hindus in society.... antihindudainikbhaskar you are fraud !! embeddedurl
nkmalazai zarrarkhuhro wisdom does not stem from religion and what the cleric is stating, is truth based on common human ground. wish all of humanity could learn these basic tenets of life, the world would be a better place.
am i merely having visions of grandeur? i don’t think there are any other kind. we are in the game of religion, the business of religion, if you will, and we need to show up. lives are on the line. human well-being is on the line. the future of the planet is on the line.
bongolaserworks i didn’t make any comment on merit or morality. i stated they are equally annoying. but if you please: atheists who sneer at religion as “primitive and backwards” and tout superiority tend to employ eurocentric colonial overtones tiedforectly to christianity so
kimberly_sofl giggerton johnfugelsang for far too long there has been a dumbing down of our country. an addiction to a single news source, inadequate schools, and religion. i do my part by keeping myself informed and voting. elections/politics are important! embeddedurl
the way that church/religion immediately makes me feel judged and unsafe.. it’s always gonna be a no for me.
gocards1 i'm not sure i had to fill out a religion questionnaire during my test?
godmorningmonday there is no description of drinking alcohol in the holy scriptures of any religion. then why are we behaving against religion...? embeddedurl
pastormethy gopiscomplicit stevenhartley49 dineshdsouza potus what a wierdonot too fond of the religion thing.
are they members of the religion of peace? embeddedurl
aewdynamite the universe is so perfect. there is only one god. islam is the true religion please visit: embeddedurl
jackposobiec the constitution guarantees freedom of religion. there is no mention of 'organized religion'.
"muslims take their religion a lot more seriously than christians." cristo clashes with roshan in london over the prophet muhammad cartoon. cristo_radio embeddedurl
don't include religion here. in islam is lesser than 18. embeddedurl
thereformer_santrampalji sant rampal ji maharaj ji is strongly against caste system, untouchability and other forms of discrimination based on age, color, disability, gender, race, religion and social status. 7daystogofor_avatarandiwas embeddedurl
michael_saylor bitcoin doesn’t have preferences you can be: - any country’s citizen - any religion - any race - any gender - any political belief - any social class everybody is included. what a beautiful concept.
u r free to choose any religion .....but u r not free to choose christ un new 1 w religion embeddedurl
jackposobiec mandate violates civil right act which prohibits discrimination in places of public accommodation on basis of race & religion. it’s a fact that poc & religious are most anti-this-vax, so a case could be made that they’re being targeted as well as the disabled who can’t take vax. embeddedurl
rt afe_jhugne: malamahenry catskomejaguar things to do with religion triggers people, that's a topic most people are not ready for
kayaknoon1 oectagovernor then why do i belong in prison for being against religion?
nftcollector00 joey was a priest in the church of the resurrection. but one day he realized that religion was not his. motorcycle, sex and rock and roll are his. embeddedurl cryptoart nft ethereum digitalart nftcollectors nftcommunity nftartist digitalartist opensea
the rev john macquarrie | religion | the guardian …language about god - symbolic & not to be taken literally. but it must be taken seriously. “there is nothing more worthwhile and more difficult than the fundamental task of simply becoming human.” jm embeddedurl
thestrugglefortruth the avatar nostradamus predicted : that religious leader (tatvdarshi saint) with the power of his religion i.e.with power of bhakti and through tatvgyan would overpower all the nations. that religious leader is sant rampal ji.
kathyh32366583 lifenewshq you are religious as well by "believing" that women have rights but her baby does not. it's called the religion of "self". everyone has their own religious beliefs even atheists.
thereturn_doc hi. how can i obtain a copy of the return for my women and religion class?
bijaya_biswal brainwashing & forced conversion are also reasons of giving the religion up. if a group of people of a village accepts a new religion, after several years, others also follow the path. do you think it happens because of humiliation? many uc people have also taken this path.
iamamanda1111 boy isn’t that a bunch of new age occultism that basically is going to be the new religion of the new world order mixed up in catholicism and hinduism and many are not even aware people like alice bailey who was a saint and us by the way brought this crap in
watching oetaonr about oklahoma’s illegal cock fighting business. i wasn’t aware that cock fighting was a freedom of religion, god given right.
bad_takes first it was the holocaust and they got called on that bs now its apartheid. what's next? religion??
protesters from mandalay based mass strike, phayargyi strike and multi-religion strike took to the streets & staged a joint protest demanding for the immediate fall of military dictatorship despite the difficulties. sep14coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
abolish religion embeddedurl
autumn__fox meachamdr laurenboebert what’s not relevant is religion tied to our government. if the founding fathers wanted a government founded on christianity, they damn sure would have added that to the constitution. yet they didn’t because it was one of the reasons they left britian, no freedom of religion.
told niggas true religion was coming back again embeddedurl
funny, interactive, current leader of the jouno religion in twitter and i love kiy for it embeddedurl
toifood we need to respect each religion sentiments like the same way there are restriction in mecca or jerusalem. so why not at mathura to respect hindu sentiments ?
ani liberals: terrorism has no religion it has only religion when it's linked with hindu
cathygraphics2 potus is it refreshing to have a president who harbors millions of infected illegal immigrants under a freeway in texas or is it that he is forcing americans to get the vaccine against their will and against their religion embeddedurl
greekanalyst a combination of the influence of family, religion, traditions, economic insecurity, and social stigma against anything that goes against the norm.
duty2warn she also seems to think there is only one church, one religion.
i wrote a piece last week for abcreligion about why hiding asylum seekers from public view matters embeddedurl
rt yongmochii: solar performing 'sexy back' is my religion. tag yourself i'm jyp embeddedurl
boycott_manyavar bollywood gang never teach/show good qualities of hindu religion?! they are sponsored by any particular religion??!! embeddedurl
bjp4india intend to divide people in religion & caste whereas farmers intend to unite people as farmers, irrespective of religion & caste. live example is strongly running farmersprotest from past 300 days. vikasbkutikri deepsandhu_k sssandhu1 300daysoffarmersprotest embeddedurl
viczinusa any religion that has been in the minority appreciates why this is a necessity. freedom of religion requires freedom from religion.
umang_______ gganeshhh krypton_120 vpsecretariat caste religion north south east west... had enuff... all languages in india are sweet n we r proud of them..
shushuleri the catholic qualifier comes because christian religion is synonymous with the right of politics generally. it’s to show, i am religious but not on the right. it’s more of a thing between the religious left and right than with economic systems
this is my new facebook page for god reconsidered: searching for truth in the battle between atheism and religion. lots of provocative content and i’d appreciate a like: embeddedurl god religion gnosticism mysticism for more info see godreconsidered. com
kryitykal the_applegirl abimbsreal peterstephen91 ulxma hotgirlauta christianity did not start in syria. it started in antioch, greece. meanwhile, christianity is not the major religion in israel.
binged midnight mass on netflix this weekend and absolutely loved it. mike flanagan's best work, to my mind. where some films catch a glimmer of greatness exploring death, redemption and religion, midnight mass catches fire. embeddedurl
:globe_showing_asia-australia::globe_showing_europe-africa: saying their religion is to pray to a person that told them i don't work for the government. don't put your burden on me.
disclosetv i see why the taliban are crushing them like dust! what an insult to the body of christ. must it be a church? why can't these beasts create their own religion? it's the end of the west and i am here for it. farewell satan.
sparklemajorkey completely ignored and forgotten. even sikh men (who wear turbans as a part of their religion) were being beaten and some even murdered after the attacks. all in the name of "revenge".
afam_bu_aikay cchukudebelu i am merely asking you ipob members to think outside the box that you have constructed for yourselves. as a group you lack adaptive thinking and stick to positions like it is a religion. frankly there is no difference between you people and the buharists.
s_osby rhithmdivine skirtgrass spcaint she is not there. someone has lied to them about mohammad. some people are just mean and it has nothing to do with religion. look at the animals who are abused in the us. the taliban has nothing to do with it.
seankev doylebhoy1 elduderino5555 angelahaggerty well the monarch is the supreme govener of the protestant church of england and head of state, so what would be the point in having a catholic as the figurehead of any other religion other than a catholic one, jesus you are a thick cunt
rt tam_resist: frcdc so what? america does not have a state religion. see: the american revolution, pilgrim.
rt aabhas24: lot of us need to understand following: 1) -isms 2) religion of all neo-atheism is the most radical religion currently.
annladenberger afammusician michaelzarrabi golfsobad borderaussiemom the church was always there (temple/synagogue). all was required was spreading the word. the romans being the great opportunist when they saw a means of controlling their vast empire, hijacked the jewish religion and named it christianity.
these talks look great, as does the overall theme of the series. i’m often intrigued (and frustrated!) by the thought of the cult materials that are less likely to survive in the archaeological record. discussions of minoan and mycenaean religion can often inevitably focus 1/ embeddedurl
lol i mean.. if anyone is still buying that men are becoming muslim because islam is the superior religion lel it is, but for men. you automatically join top tier in an mlm where women worship you just because you have a penis. it makes them feel entitled to perangai mengote embeddedurl
thereformer_santrampalji social reformer saint rampal ji says that our religion is humanity. our race is living being, humanity is our religion. hindu,muslim,sikh, christian,there is no seperate religion. get free book jeene ki rah and gyan ganga. 7daystogofor_avatarandiwas embeddedurl
alarabiya_eng larossa05 the same applies to the vast majority of the german population for freedom of religion. nevertheless, we have many racists here who do not understand wearing headscarves as german. embeddedurl
erinwys benamckee deangeliscorey repdanbishop no religion in schools. no christianity, no islam, no crt. pretty easy to understand
if you think they care about the racial and sexual minorities one millimeter further than they're useful to them, i've got a bridge to sell you too. vile, evil religion. embeddedurl
lesson continues today at masjid abi hurairah (5pm). [title: some principles to bear in mind in order to understand our religion] spare some time to acquaint yourself with these principles transmitted from upright scholars, such as the likes of imaam as-sadi [rahimahullaah].
meghaarunodayam laserfocus69 he converted to sinhalite formate of buddhism thru rahul sankrityayan and bhante dharmpal. buddism was religion of land, not part of sanatan since surrender of ramgupt.
afp ln24 lci cnn journalist diplomacy foreignpolicy religion bible biblestudy theology scripture prophecy christianity christian endtimes islam chrétien 2021 09 26 the world day of migrants and refugees (angelus) embeddedurl via youtube
sabri came to see its reform theology as little more than a calque on enlightenment ideas of religion. his views became influential with the muslim brotherhood through his close relationship with hasan al-banna during his 24 years of exile in egypt during early kemalist period
build the strongest relationship with god the almighty and not with the religion. religion is scum
coureurmaskwa jamiescribbles the idea that christians let others "live in peace" is laughable. when christians stop trying to pass laws based on christianity, i will stop fighting against it. until then, i will not let your religion oppress my rights. btw the majority of religions don't believe in your god.
ankurjain1811 1aakashjain youngjainsindia logical reasoning & understanding is sometimes important than traditions, be it any sect or any religion. however low voice u speak in, the microorganisms are there, it is hence better to cover mouth/nose. but in the end, to each their own. i can only share the logic behind it.
fecityfan markefried varindersingh24 i can't have the bible without religion. not that i have to believe in god to read the bible, but if christianity (and judaism) never existed, there would be no bible. every benefit that a believer of the bible derives from it, they derive from religion.
soowuniverse7 yea but still diving your country in two parts just one the basis of religion is literally a bs idea
given the lack of evidence for the claims of religion and the mass of evidence against, just holding a religious faith is radical.
seekeroftruth0 driven2drink not necessarily. i think there is more common ground than we think. like the idea that a secular country is a better country than one that imposes a religion on its citizen.
fredmacken fedorlives1889 i didn't even really make an analytic statement, it's an argument regarding what kind of religion and politics would be good for us. these types of exchanges are beside the point in my view
i spoke of human civilisation (state establishment context) not indian. humans civilisation from beginning has an imperceptible classification into groups of people based on religion namely hinduism, islam, then there were other old tribal religions too that now don't exist. embeddedurl
president biden separates the catholic views from laws on abortion that enforce laws granted by our constitution. religion is not our rule of law in government (and we have no right to impose our religion on others) :the constitution is embeddedurl
rt _umaraziz: it's a big oof when your only audience is peeps who didn't make it by 40 so now run to religion for a sliver of identity
hakim81698790 anitape54778018 nytimes i don’t think anything justifies bombing. i’m strongly against war. i’m concerned because i’m a human being with a conscience and i care about people’s dignity and safety, regardless of race or religion. as a woman, i also see this as a truly horrendous breach of power.
abdoul_mufc ankaboy so we know this, but whenever there's uprising against perceived insult against a particular religion as in the salman rushdie casae, muslims descend on innocent christians in the north
jrwjohn noholyscripture i agree, religion is used to make people work hard in the belief that once they die they'll get a reward. it was basically created by the powerful to control the weak.
protest against military dictatorship by phayargyi strike & multi-religion strike from mandalay un_noprocrastination whatshappeninginmyanmar sep14coup embeddedurl
moral court (mark anthony dibello & larry elder) embeddedurl via youtube larry elder running for governor in california, shown on his tv show years ago where he was a judge. great episode on religion and an annoying co-worker.
manusmritiquote manusmriti says "a woman is never fit for independence"! these are the regressive ideas that rss and its upper caste supporters want to impose in india! again! how is the rss different from the taliban? different religion - but same regressive shit! embeddedurl
thanks for helping us get the word out about americansunited know your rights guides, eric engle of americanatheist. indeed, true freedom of religion does include freedom from religion. embeddedurl religiousfreedom separationofchurchandstate
kreamzy instablog9ja growing up we have so many women that had kids with 4 to 5 men, it has always been like this just that they were filled with religion hypocrisy
new post: the department of education misuses public funds for in-service training of religion teachers embeddedurl
trying to checkmate the 5g satan microchip vaccine police by saying it’s against my religion
allsevz i have not learned what i share through repetition of sacred texts, controlled by religion, what i share is directly experienced and evidenced by others. i am not, nor have i ever asked for belief. i merely state the truth of my findings and invite you to try.
lecture_slide amrinfatema110 doctorwhothefuc first of all carp is not a proper word, and if you were looking for a word crap then you don't deserved to be called a muslim, islam was not the religion of this region and it was arabs who brought it here. being modest isn't science , if someone wnats to wear hijab let them be
check out this listing i just added to my poshmark closet: true religion billy super t jean straight blue 32. embeddedurl shopmycloset poshmarkapp
spoilers divergences from the books: - religion is widespread - robots are known to have existed/dimerzel is known to be one -the empire attacks anacreon - massive attack on trantor - seldon is on the ship to terminus - raych is a much different character foundation embeddedurl
religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as useful. – seneca the younger
we are thrilled to announce the booklaunch of christie chui-shan chow's schism! register for the panel hosted by the liu institute for asia and asian studies today! china religion fri. oct 15, 2021, 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm via zoom register here: embeddedurl embeddedurl
i have witnessed hundreds of chickens die while travelling to valley frm india and the ones half alive & dehydrated not a single sip of water is given to them...subjected to kicks & end up in slaughtering them most of humans are horrible no matter frm which religion embeddedurl
embeddedurl true religion men jeans black straight 32x34 cott embeddedurl
hardly anyone talks about how we only know 1% of human recorded history. everything else is just lost in the past. this is one of the reasons i dont support extreme religion, literally none of us know wtf is going on here.
clarencehouse everyone regardless of the gender,religion or color is entitled to freedom,why are you so quiet on the dictatorship in ugandawhich have & continue to take lives of youths yet your the funders? we know museveni is your puppet but consider ugandan lives. ugandaisbleeding un embeddedurl
hinduism is not a religion. it is way of life. don’t take our tolerance as cowardly act. we can be dangerous if you mess with us awesome as usual kapilmishra_ind embeddedurl
bruckorb solenodon profmarkmaslin i wonder whether there was an upwards inflection in these deceptions after the "short term shareholder value" religion came out of the u of chicago in the 1970s?
mollyjongfast perhaps it's not the vax, as you see it, that their religion gives them great warnings against.
chitrasundaram7 mnageswarraoips ramakrishna_ur authoraneesh riturathaur kanimozhi chitrapadhi wataboutery drlathac narendramodi dpradhanbjp renember an incident i read somewhere.. when tilak was mocked by a foreigner while stacking the books he deliberately kept gita down and all c books on top and said thst his religion is on the top. tilak politely responded but the base is ours! i tell this to children!
it doesn’t matter wether your rich or poor, what race or religion or what part of this planet you are from, wether you own 1 $blok or 200m we are all the same and we will ride this magical journey to the stars together as one fam!
rosjordanaje tbreassealedhs crt relies on the concepts of white supremacy (everybody born white has privilege). that is not true. jews, asians, irish, albanians... many "white" people are experiencing racism based on their origin, religion, being of other ethnicity without being black.
if in the matters of religion, coercion is not permissible, then by implication one can say that in other matters of cultures and other worldly practices it is also not acceptable. عالمی_میلاد_کانفرنس
rt yen33x: my religion embeddedurl
ginreappa curdy_88 centristjim1 lbc i can’t tell you what to think but i can tell you that the fact is that judaism is both a race and a religion. i speak from personal experience and knowledge. it is possible to separate the two.
jj_sterz strcngr i don't believe i'm god either. the vatican-2-novus-ordo religion contradicts catholicism in so many obvious ways. only blind people can't see it.
rt professor_s01: my religion is very simple. my religion is kindness... embeddedurl
you love ur religion?...waw, it's good you feel ur religion is superior?..that's great you hate hinduism?...huh, no problem you feel hinduism is inferior and your religion is superior ?...i'll sm*sh ur face , ki*k every inch of ur body unless you realise u realise u r wrong
dm us to write your; summer classes pay paper pay write computer sports training algebra marketing political science book review sociology religion biology philosophy religion calculus business essay lab report broadcast agribusiness homework dm paperwritingpr
rt quotesgospel: "in our very religion god has a secondary place. we have made ourselves the centre of our religious thought." -r.w.dale.
some indian secularists say b'desh protests against religious extremists,india shld learn from b'desh. in learning process i'm afraid if india learn to hv a state religion,hv millions of religious schools& prayer halls for majority,hv anti minority sermons,communal school-books!
zzuww_ surayaror with respect i get your point, in other religion the same thing applies but religion is used as a spiritual guidance, not textbook. hence i stand by my point that regardless of religion everyone has the right to do whats decent for themself in life because you only live once.
robertjwolfmd organized religion.
_mattcardin joel osteen is the ultimate intersection between religion and horror.
blatant defence of a druggist; son of a superstar iamsrk , in the name of religion. this cabal is impossible. but religion card suits khanumarfa not naxal kavita_krishnan embeddedurl
aaronhuertas romps the debate over whether science or a given discipline should be subordinate to religion - be it the church, the caliph, or crt, isn't new. but it's a debate he thought was settled against religion. when he found out it wasn't so, he left rather than engage in politics
sinclairjm1987 atheist of the gender religion is my new fav teem
aameranwar mckay779 bobsmithwalker roarbythesea policescotland nicolasturgeon i am a great deal older than aameranwar i have yet to be as openly proud of any person in scotland who shows the integrity this man does he cares not whether a person is a different religion he stands against the abuse of human rights but he is a solicitor
shawarmacommie speak for yourself brother. "belief" & "faith" in fairy tales has no place in the 21st century, much less marxism. imho. religion is the primary reason humans haven't evolved much is the last 2,000 years.
rahulgandhi hindu religion is about hinduism not rss political project. how such a wonderfully capricious faith, so open, so liberal can be reduced by sanghis into a badge of identity akin to that of the british football hooligans - dr tharoor embeddedurl
with due respect sir, u lie!! ur religion or belief is not universal, while you believe it might be demons, traditionally it happens and it's fully legit!! embeddedurl
justmemary143 actually to " love one another" and don't kill each other" is something humans can do without organized religion! in fact islam, christianity, and judaism have caused more senseless deaths and manipulation for mankind! from the crusades,to 9/11, it was done in the name of god!
rt isexcel: cataract is the 3rd cause of blindness. religion maintains 1st position while politics comes 2nd
when christmas wears it’s tinseled gown: do you know this man? embeddedurl christmas2021 christmascountdown2021 christmas2021 christmasiscoming religion religious spiritual christmascountdown christmas christmasrefresh christmasgifts seasonsgreetings
5 minutes after your birthday, they decide your name, nationality, religion & sect, & you spend rest of your life defending something you didn't even choose. think about it
rubrik "religion".embeddedurl
when the european colonial powers came into contact with the inhabitants of africa & the new world they used this conception of religion for their own benefit, when they were at war with the natives they would deny that they have a religion embeddedurl
godmorningthursday god is one i. e. kabir saheb and he has no religion. he nurtues every soul because we all are child of god thursdaymotivation embeddedurl
the only religion that makes sense is love. all this other nonsense can miss me.
another thing, people of all different backgrounds and religions have supported foodbankfriday, one thing i simply won't tolerate on my feed is any form of discrimination, none of us had a choice where we were born, most follow the religion we were born into, actions matter
sodiqstar01 he's the saviour that can trust to save you from religion and bring you back to life
true..any violent thing based on religion must b curbed with iron hands. nihang's hv been promoting violent means. they r more like taliban who also r pretending to b d saviour of religion. no one must b above d law of land. crush these blood thirsty savages. embeddedurl
time-in theory-print out everything which religion deals.
"religion of peace" is about to burn, invade & islmize india = land of hindus = hind once again. oh... there are other names also..."religion of tolerance"..."religion of pluralism". hindus can enjoy their secularist jiziya pills.
wrdsofpanda2 incisivescalpel nmannathukkaren lives matter, it's the same for everyone irrespective of the 'religion' they belong to. killings in bangladesh to the mob lynching, riots in india are just wrong!
fionapattenmlc it's frightening how much extreme religion is taking over our political system, despite more and more people identifying as non religious.
khanumarfa when rhea, arjun rampal was questioned and arrested then why you couldn't bring the religion card? fact is you are the most corrupted mind who brings religion whenever muslim is there. but forget the same in case of hindu
billifer1973 which religion? and what clause? for the life of me i can’t fathom the justification.
a religion is a religion. it’s a transition step towards the burkini. europe’s left and green is ready to embrace it. the european population wants to cover their faces forever. with police enforcement of course. dissidents should be jailed i guess. embeddedurl
thomasjburns3 unessentialbut haydenrw_ andrewyang how do we fix poverty? short answer is social democracy. of course this also has downsides that should not be ignored. stop judging each other based on gender race religion etc. yea i know very simplistic, but can't put actual arguments on limited char's of a tweet
world_mission66 lettingfocus i think if there's one thing we have learned from cold19 it's how easy it is to brainwash mass populations in the absence of religion the people seem to need something to believe in and hang on to for safety seen in small scale many times but never before in the whole world
sir izlem is religion of piece ok embeddedurl
enlightening and scary! religion scholar explains how a specific strain of christianity became a toxic political force embeddedurl
covid is a religion and if you don’t see it at this point you’re completely blind and don’t understand the problem of the west abolish god and other gods will take his place
telugutrad tim_clif lol. they don't even consider themselves hindus. they've their own "religion" category in usa and which is not "hinduism".
hat-tip imvkohli for standing by team member mdshami11 in the face of vitriolic abuse heaped on him embeddedurl "attacking someone over their religion is the most pathetic thing that a human being can do" nary a truer word captain /food for thought 4 troll tribe
great thread. dated 2 igbo girls glory & chidima. i thought i was going to marry one of them but religion did help. wanted an igbo wife by all means. embeddedurl
just bcs of their religion hindu bangladeshis can't even feel safe in their own country. and no one even bats an eye to the serious trouble they're facing there just bc they're hindu fucking unacceptable
wajahatali so would all of these “we should put faith/religion in our schools” people too. whose faith? i’m gonna guess only their narrowly defined view of it. growing up in churches, many christians have quite different views on issues. i was taught that catholics weren’t real christians.
bjp is the new religion in town, if you have to gather, you should gather for their meetings; if you have to install idols, you have to install idols of their leaders. if you have to celebrate, you have to celebrate their birthdays or their milestones. all else need to pay jizya
mateotoska06 mrxxx75 rachid guy said that it is not the doctrines of xtianity who brought him that religion but the character of jesus and those doctrines make u to ask more questions out of confusion about it
i’m so sad; sir david amess has been killed doing his work and in a church today.another foreigner charged again by terrorist squad and we all know what religion he will be. when will you do something about these illegal immigrants invading our shores pritipatel borisjohnson
bainjal criminal character assassination of sameerwakhende is sickening. death threats,job threats,bribe charges,secret letters,vendetta attacking his parents,religion, birth, marriage etc 2 fight aryankhandrugcase?this is really funny. sameer has corrupt practice,since beginning.
grayconnolly kieran_gilbert skynewsaust he is only getting what he asks for. politics & religion do not mix. the people of nsw will soon vote him out of government.
this is something that made me think deeply on it and the end result came that it's true, because no matter how rich is someone and how royal is that and no matter how much luxurious life he/she has but one day he has to die definitely and no religion in the world refused that. embeddedurl
t20 pakvind should not be viewed as clash of religions. lesson to be learnt from a true sportsman, bounteous viratkohli &how sunilgavaskar talked about imrankhan re: worldcup92 &appreciated quality of play. what if 1/2 of ind team was muslim? would religion stil matter? embeddedurl
as i take off my clothes i feel that i should look at stars while i dream of a dimension where peace is a religion
justsayxtian timoneill007 worstsamaritan i think this part is key. the reality is that jesus' preaching, whatever it might have been, was the foundation for an entirely different religion. if he was preaching judaism, we wouldn't have gotten to christianity.
if religion is a personal matter than why they offer “namaz” on roads , why don’t they do it in their house or in a mosque embeddedurl
_sabanaqvi i am not pointing out a individual but entire media seems to be sold out & just a extension asset of political babus ....people understand this !! there is a selective pattern religion , caste , money or corrupt on its own !! zero respect for media and journalism lately !!
bauddhika108 we don't have any organization for lobbying. they call it freedom of religion.
georgeperetzqc fascinatorfun stevepeers brexit_sham in some ways, democracy functions like a religion. democrats all "believe" in democracy, but splinter into competing sects and denominations, each regarding itself as the one true church: direct democracy, representative democracy, industrial democracy, liberal democracy etc etc.
ofthesol that is not the correct use of delusion. there is far more that gets divided than just religious and non religious people. gay people, people who “live in sin”, trans people, people with alternate lifestyles, women etc etc. religion isn’t people. it’s a type of ideology.
joycewhitevance mollyjongfast her 5 minutes of 'fame'. total nonsense. btw: which 'religion' is she not allowed to believe in - which 'religion' tells her to not get vaccinated?
rockinbones2 that may be how it is in the modern day religion of judaism, but the god of abraham, isaac, and jacob says in his written word that jesus, his son, is the true messiah, and that he is coming back to earth again to judge the living and the dead. embeddedurl
yungbhujang why bother sirjee?! sikhi like zoroastrianism is a religion withering away. reducing population in punjab itself, low birth rates & for that ridiculous bunch of dalit sikhs(?) & other poor ones who should be either christians or muslims. nihangs, akalis etc. their time is past.
ani he says his father is hindu and his name is dnyandev kachurji wankhede then why in his birth certificate name of father mentioned as dawood k wankhede? did his father changed his religion after married to muslim women? embeddedurl
vimallakhotia richaanirudh iamsrk may it hard... but it's high time.... to speak... he is been targeted due to religion
*the kaabah and the sacred black stone in it aren't graven images(it's godly, holy) *ark of the covenant with the two tablets and cherubims, aren't graven images (it's godly, holy) *yoruba religion components/objects of worship are graven images (demonic, satanic)
singareddynm chronosananke i suspect it's almost the reverse framing -- it's not that religion provides an alternative, but more that people seek out things like longevity/ea absent some other central ideology around life/living
2.7b people believe the world is better organized through ai, making facebook the first post religion of the 21st century. art by vilasboasfilipe embeddedurl
albernaj ah, the original “marxism is like a religion” bit
jesusisking67 the group of people running the anti-christ nwo script believe they can do what they want. is a software engineer ceo an anti-virus expert or one of the eugenics with devils horn? the third temple will be built in all of man in the religion of the heart.
braddesmond2 he is also a classic case of a religious zealot, who, disturbingly, has no connection to the moral compass of the religion he makes so much commotion about. it doesn’t inform how he behaves. like everything else he does, it’s all form and no substance.
farjad99 we have done the same to our minorities. they live in constant fear.and we look down upon other religions. it’s like we are the only true religion and the rest of the world are just plain stupid & we need to bring them to light by forcefully converting them. what abt balochistan?
borges whoever twitted with such kind filthy sentence needs to get punished.nowdays it is not that hard to track or locate the person location and put him behind the bar for such obnoxious comments.having said that, the point u r making is baseless there is not religion involved in it
theforeignmoe what's the problem with following it? that's called faith. if you can choose not to follow it, they can choose to do so... some misinterpret things yes, but the whole "translating" argument is done by people who can't follow religion, which is their choice, afterall.
master_nobody mhack_secrets all of them became worthit if any one only gain 10 percent knowledge of holy books ,of their respective religion
yevdokiya_z cnmathew1 bell00david disagree. i think religion begins with the awareness that i can't do this myself, so please god help me!
pratheesh_hind covid and religion there is no relation as long as world wide it's taking.. by religion it's only in kerala ?
unatoa thao ka sadaka.. pastor ana confirm ka ni fake. scam religion
chinese uighur students in one of the beautiful mosque in xinjiang uighur autonomous region, reciting al-qadr surah chapter-97 from the holy quran, no religion teaches violence &islam is indeed the religion of peace, few misinterpret it for personal gains. embeddedurl
m0sstr00per elonmuskinfuhku lavbaaldevarim muskinelon angieshermua dlsmith0817 miriaml99472550 stephen46723144 retiredjudean p3ng1z ajewfromjudea terangbulan2021 zounaidosman erezneumark fredyosemite mortymechanic robjones2019 iq15991967 badridawud joei3urrows sleepyhead513 giheme abel_balb0 swepal1 for_americans phialkeeper emmettimanu wannnwz whywouldyou_uk storey2bob realhasdaic onna_oni02 fishynobi kevankerby void_deathwatch ellyngail natashahyy6l225 mabosisc docbegel timgranite r0guewolf psteinbird1 dsdloveyou matzly mehrmiriam gomiriam63 truthtopeace leyyaros dec_judea ppioer judaism is a religion , but jews are a semitic people. don't confuse the terms.
elizableu a lot of the progressive view and the free love movement can be traced to the frankfurt school and marcuse. marxism, deviant sexuality, and the dismantling of religion all go hand in hand.
iseult when aodhanoriordain said “ let’s get them out” in relation to religious patronage did he mean to swap the old religion for this new trans religion. is this the new altar?
antonioguterres everyone regardless of the gender,religion or color is entitled to freedom,why are you so quiet on the dictatorship in ugandawhich have & continue to take lives of youths yet your the funders? we know museveni is your puppet but consider ugandan lives. ugandaisbleeding un embeddedurl
savvyrinu religion is the major problem of africa.
craigja98099614 roni56248402 i think it’s called legalised theft! i think a similar thing went on germany around 1939 but religion based and not age related.
yeet53850422 captainsapphi jasmine 5:12 do not force a religion to someone and gays are hot
venkatesh_medic sarv131 there is no such religion called hinduism. its a term given by british by aligning all the others except christians, muslims and sikhs. unga kuladeivam vera, ennoda kuladeivam vera, ennoda kedavettuku neenga varamaateenga, unga sambaradhaayam vera, appram eppudi rendu perum onnu
samuel chase was a signer of the declaration of independence, a justice of the us supreme court, and, as chief justice of the state of maryland, wrote in 1799 ( runkel v winemiller): "by our form of government, the christian religion is the established religion... ." embeddedurl
while the republican party blathers on with their anti-muslim diatribes, here's thomas jefferson paraphrasing john locke in 1776: "...neither pagan nor (muslim) nor jew ought to be excluded from the civil rights of the commonwealth because of his religion." gopbigots
euare2022 ready to go! starting from today, nov.2ndit is possible to submit panels and amc proposals for our fifth annual conference check out the instructions here: embeddedurl overarching topic: ‘religion and diversity’ bologna, 20-23 june, 2022. embeddedurl
virsanghvi who has allegedly lied about his religion to corner a job meant for a dalit candidate. the utter lack of accountability & action against wankhede tells the whole story of the aryan khan fraud case
embeddedurl religion should be separate from state, but apparently not in the 46th parliament by james fitzgerald | 5 july 2019, embeddedurl religion retains hold on australian politics in 'soft theocracy' by max wallace | 19 march 2021 embeddedurl
realbrysongray teaching religion in public schools is a slippery slope. if you teach one religion you have to teach them all.
also i think religion is so gloriously weird and wild and i love to make good natured jokes about it.
don't give her fame .. it's against our religion and culture .. stupid & sasstye liberal ppl shalwar embeddedurl
shameonvirdas exactly!!!!!! every country has our own issues.. but nobody defames their country and attacks a particular religion, leaders. it became a trend to apologize after saying shit about their own nation. wannabewoke . embeddedurl
unfknbelievable i must've seen the "happy-clapper keep your religion out of politics" literally thousands of times in this hell site and today i've lost count of how many people have tried to justify this religious discrimination bill how fast can your heads bloody turn?
missterrib religion it's the vexation of this planet.
like religion, conspiracy theories are more complex than just a set of strongly held beliefs writes d_g_robertson of openuniversity embeddedurl embeddedurl
bad enough to make your branding a bastardized appropriated concept from an indigenous religion but to then go and gleefully rub it in that you have the privilege of ignoring human rights as “politics” is just the cherry on top of the shitty content creator sundae. fuck off. embeddedurl
educator here - to be clear: the issue isn't "teach 4yos about lynching". it's age-appropriate lessons: "it's wrong & hurtful to be mean to someone just b/c their skin or religion is different from yours. that's bullying." if mr. rogers could do it in 1969, we can do it now! embeddedurl
_wantobefree meta_nomad religion is inevitable: the ritualization of existence, the desire to participate in a story which transcends us, to worship something that unites us. there is nothing in science that tells you what is valuable. when you talk of values, you have jumped into a religious world. embeddedurl
religion, and the religitards who believe it. embeddedurl
novinstonlobo this is called hindu festival intolerance. we never discriminate your religion and fate. but, you start insulting our festival, culture and lifestyle. you ride bike and bike also release pollution.
adrianturner01 maidelk rtheatheist wally_wego inbybits2 drsly16 mindfuldamage spikeinthemidge doubledoublejon flaffenbam ggelliott1 smoistpit galcondude bartrardo melanie33720945 ah_science malo_j barneyfife09 umfpt takethathistory heathenwombat hugh_bothwell greekvikingx crispycurry d1scojerrys thedukeistheman mscredentials rkdoctr nosciencedenial harleychill2 davidbe89445771 scientiapercept adhominoid 1pckt brijswijk christgodtweet sicut_lupus godflythe waragoodwarfare jools6691 rodeson42 rfirethief pen_bird macbareth hankstern2 suiwazear nodisassemble5 goatmunch pg13scottwatson rayowen27617272 so you're now asserting that no religion is theism apart from christianity on the basis that a dictionary definition has the word "revelation" in it? sorry to burst your bubble but christianity is not the only form of theism.
weird last i remember people hopped on the mayflower to escape religious persecution, this the type of shit that cause the revolution against england, diversity of people and religion should be welcome here. embeddedurl
in ancient times, jain shravak going abroad for business used to carry such type of tirthankar idols with them. so that their religion and rules are followed. blessed are our ancestors... embeddedurl
theidealistic1 if you will notice, christians today hate the same people that their god hates, almost as if they have created god in their own image. on another note, god doesn't hate anybody, no matter their skin color or religion.
kurtarnold_kurt how about church/religion start paying taxes? embeddedurl
intaerna ailfascists nutlawpete shoe0nhead he's not talking about people sharing a goal, religion, or ideology. he's saying that when he sees an inequality (even when it's one people have freely chosen, like more blacks playing sports and more asians coding) then he's a hammer and he's going to slam that nail.
hormonedietdoc fasting is my religion. 95kgs in march now 69kgs - i’m energized at the start of dawn with my cup of kenyan tea and water throughout the day.
gillianmckeith sorry, maga is not a recognized religion.
ancoreaggarwal it does because you need to indoctrinate everyone into argumentation ethics for it to be objective, so that's preachers, that's churches, that's scripture. you're just choosing not to call it a religion.
aryanschythian bahutbadadanda there were many naysayers even before for centuries and hindu religion survived all embeddedurl history and religion properly and don’t go by whatsapp and social media rants.
if no one care about their religion, that is the end of rss. so it is rss's necessity that indians focus on their religion. rss uses media to keep religious hatred alive within society. there must be a law to prohibit media from talking about religion. rahulgandhi
rt tomnwainwright: you can make anything look like a religion if you just do shit like label beliefs about causation as "original sin"
marcorubio the gqpplatform: one religion, no rights for women, voter suppression, book burning and book banning, selective history classes. not allowed to teach students about slavery or the holocaust. but everyone can have an ar-15!
haenzkot asp is something which is never tested but also not that powerful tht it can overcome bsp as main dalit party.. moreover in saharanpur ...it comes to religion ..so for that even dalits go fir bjp
rt exjwcomedianjay: religion has no place in the court of law!!!
comparative religion - the akedah or sacrifice of isaac - includes interpretations from the holocaust and contemporary life embeddedurl embeddedurl (posted by calumet editions) ^?
gizmojigs thiababy4 and my aim isn’t really to make every believer an atheist but to show that religion (christianity) has a lot of problems and to get believers to be more open-minded & tolerant towards different worldviews/people. i am more interested in promoting skepticism than atheism.
beautfc it's only going to get worse. gop has always been more authoritarian because it's how right wing keep their power. the majority don't agree with their policies but they use religion which is authoritarian to keep the supporters they have. they keep promoting the big lie
happy diwali everyone! we have learnt all about the festival of light and made our own creative rangoli patterns with natural materials, celebrating all cultures! rrscoedglas article 14 children are free to be of any or no religion. embeddedurl
gbnews i wonder what religion he was?
danitsegaye6 no report his account since it is full of hate speech and hatred towards a race and religion. it will get suspended.
the first amendment to the united states constitution generally only prevents government restrictions on the freedoms of religion, speech, press, assembly, or petition, not restrictions imposed by private individuals or businesses.
..unique news : the original location of our creator god jaweh , the cherubs , tumbling sword , torch... is all there. see the photo's religion god allah creator news nieuws tvnews media medianews free to download an to use embeddedurl
walahi!!! in today's world, anyone who isn't guided by a well-rooted ideal (read: religion) will be lost.
naninizhoni jessesingal as johnhmcwhorter says, it’s a religion to them, and they are the “elect”.
matthew_hodson quinnpbrown losing my religion (although to be fair, i’ve never had one! )
unhumanrights mbachelet everyone regardless of the gender,religion or color is entitled to freedom,why are you so quiet on the dictatorship in ugandawhich have & continue to take lives of youths yet your the funders? we know museveni is your puppet but consider ugandan lives. ugandaisbleeding un embeddedurl
gouthamrishi991 vandana07498073 opindia_com narendramodi myogiadityanath myogioffice this old man mr pushpendra kulsheshtra as a journalist was in pakistan for 12 years he has read kuran before reading bhagwad gita he has eaten kabab on pakistan streets he has been namazee & now this old man says sai baba is muslim who is he to decide a saints religion ?
perezdimison sammie_shah tahafcb_ there is a difference between islam as a religion and muslims as people the mughals came and ruled despite being in lesser numbers defeated hindus and took over then the british took over and that led to the muslims and hindus being seperated into the two states
religion really turns some people into monumental assholes. embeddedurl
this week on the podcast – ryandbusse, – fmr. gun exec & author of gunfight on how the nra has fused guns and religion with frightening ferocity. google podcasts: embeddedurl embeddedurl
neverdankrupt us_fda i am not against the jab. but damn there are a lot of covidites practicing covidism on twitter. i guess that's the new popular religion started by the media.
siwikiwi cc_baxter35 ody11199 farenet premierleague beinsports_en a pure environment free of toxic concepts that could affect the growth of this child in a natural way. who determines the nature of these ideas? we believe that religion is the one who categorizes ideas and determines what is right from wrong
authorkimberley want to know how she became a nurse since they are required to take several kinds of vaccines at the start of their career and generally are expected to take flu vaccine every year. this is politics and not religion!
rt mpgphd: no such thing as apolitical religion in what's now the united states
hyyh_butterfly yeah, in the name of religion.
holiday rules with family - leave out politics, religion and any hard conversations for another day. thanksgivingday family
altnoaa yukienakama in before the "not all" comments. no, of course not all wars have a religious base, nor do all religions engage in frequent war. that said, religion rears its monstrous head more often than not when a war starts. it has a lot to profit from conflict.
is it a secular step? in times of pandemic, this act seems desperate to sweep money from people in the name of religion. railminindia, tourismgoi & minofculturegoi should be answerable for this offence to the constitution & public! embeddedurl
bowietheus andt4854 maybe if there was no such thing as religion he’d be a good person nevertheless. there are a lot of very good people of other religions and no religion. what you say is nothing more than your opinion.
i am proud to belong to a religion which taught world both tolerance & universal acceptance. i am proud to belong to a nation which sheltered the persecuted & the refugees of all religions & all nations of earth. 𝐒𝐚𝐲 𝐰𝐢𝐭𝐡 𝐏𝐫𝐢𝐝𝐞 𝐈 𝐚𝐦 𝐚 𝐇𝐢𝐧𝐝𝐮 standupforindia embeddedurl
my religion says your religion is wrong and i'm required to tell you that you are a bad person for having your beliefs. don't blame me, it's just my religion, i don't make the rules. auspol afternoonbriefing thisisbullshit
idazhehss farooquijameel did he wrote any book about idlamic political system, or islamic state in modren world? how someone who bypassed the basic principles of islam, which are marit, justice and moderation can claim to be religion leader? who himself inherited his leadership against the way of islam.
emeraldrobinson then you will end up with neither. our founding fathers were well aware of the divisive nature of religion. they understood the imperative of religious freedom. apparently, you do not.
on the auspicious occasion of the 552nd birthday of guru nanak dev ji, the founder of the sikh religion, wishing all those who follow sikhism a happy gurpurab! gurunanakjayanti gurpurab yyc embeddedurl
110alishahbaz safeedkhattak asmaazam71 pakistan is already undone. current one is not original pakistan.. better focus on economy and intl relations instead of misuse of religion
godmorningmonday a religious rural indian, will impregnate the entire world with religion, happiness and peace for the forthcoming thousands of years. - prediction of mr. anderson about sant rampal ji maharaj
thansa wng na nang c nai joto chwng. its not the time we being divided on the ground of our religion, tribe, caste and culture. we tiprasa including all the legal bengali triprasa to stand for tipraland against illegal infiltrations into our state. wewantgreatertipraland
islam presents itself as god's perfected religion. the corollary to this belief is that muslims, as the followers of islam, are superior to people of other faiths. the result of this supremacist mindset has been 1,400 years of violence against non-muslims. embeddedurl
joncoopertweets yes...people who said religion and politics would never matter...
barkha2021 malcolm_returnz he is just spreading hate in the name of religion.. while sitting in a foreign country without knowing the ground situation ..... none can't do anything .. and btw he has blocked me .. .. can't even bear an opinion...
ashish_jadhao in the records is it possible to make a change? that too father's name and religion? any idea what the paper trail would be to make that change?
the prophet elijah’s life of service to god and man provides a wealth of reflection for us this day, particularly in times of trouble and upheaval in the church and in the world. embeddedurl bible scripture christian faith goodbooks religion christianity
qgoodman_ having paid attention and not cheated in my religion classes, i definitely get this reference!! so true
had some muslim friends over, parang nakakataba lang sa puso na people of miagao are very welcoming. religion teaches love and kindness, it’s very nice to see that they practice it. love love love
templarxi newsforalluk i would argue the numbers say most cultures accept lgbt people, and religion wise it's pretty close to 50/50 if we're talking numbers of followers
islam is a religion of peace tolerance and harmony. any type of extremism have no relation with it. saynotoextremism minhajulquran tahirulqadri
usatoday the newest pagan religion.
religion can not liberate africa's from poverty,unemployment or poor infrastructural development only entrepreneurship powered by knowledge economy can" embeddedurl instablog9ja
sreenivasanjain does secularism stop our pm from practicing his own religion ? secularism is about everyone having a right to practice his own religion. not about leaving religious practice to appease someone else.
unafraidrealist zubymusic it’s us the people vs a handful of elite who have us all enslaved, and they have been putting us against each other based on race, religion, political party, vaccination status. because when we’re too focused on each other, we can’t see that we all have a common enemy
seandolfc race isn't religion g
wafakha47693352 konstructivizm * our religion* says alot about ur country's ppl embeddedurl
the cost of religious fanaticism is one's religion itself.
us supreme court may soon force states to fund christian schools, mandating exactions from nonbelievers to pay for indoctrination that clashes with their own ideas, empowering the majority religion to use the state to establish its supremacy by mjs_dc embeddedurl
supercommentsx tigray adopted christianity as the state religion in the mid-4th century, under ezana of axum.we respect and accept everyone’s religious as well.
john lennon/plastic ono band , apple records, 1970. keep you doped with religion and sex and tv and you think you're so clever and classless and free but you're still fucking peasants as far as i can see a working class hero is something to be. embeddedurl
leftynavyseal religion is, was, and always will be about control. mind, body, soul & financial control.
beckyki93866188 go to church my friend. any church. most have a christmas eve service. find comfort in god‘s house. not trying to force religion on you. just suggesting that a lot of people find comfort there. god bless.
pay us to handle your; religion homework spss algebra mba arts psychology proposals exams geometry ecology physics essay mechanics english maths ✓excel geography assignments statistics english engineering law lab report bibliography ✓dissertations dm us at accuratewriting
girlsgutsgiallo i don't understand born again christians' desperate need to believe we're all miserable and directionless without their religion.
rt doc4dead: yung kulto ba ni quibs may guns and goons or religion and sex lang? what are the chances manlalaban?
3rdclassgenius ulxma naijaflyingdr how quickly you moved from trying to exonerate religion from misogyny to admitting there's misogyny in religion and then doubling down by defending it with another misogynistic statement needs to be studied, man. will it kill you to admit what is evidently wrong?
people who are super into religion freak me out
briantylercohen gavinnewsom the ussc religious zealots (aka the majority) asked for it. maybe the “other side” kavanaugh kept stooging for during dobbs last week isn’t the radical evangelical right, but the moderate, mainstream majority of citizens in this country who don’t want religion in our govt.
joncc1701e timthegodmocker religion has done so much damage. to say nothing just does more damage
gumbuoy i've always said it's a sport that aussies would absolutely love. fast, skilled, physical. i watch'em all ... but i grew up in canada where it's religion.
kare indoda my religion
okay, friends, upon conversation with colleagues, here's where i'm at. 1) i'm not a fan of the theology i'm seeing here ("let's pray for everyone else to join us in our religion so they can be saved"). i'm also aware that it's neither new nor particularly noteworthy, alas. (1/)
quantumelle stilltish diddyboo1 eneraldo whatisawomanbot biological essentialism is what makes us a species. we will not participate in your gender religion.
i’m agnostic, so you can take your religion shaming elsewhere. embeddedurl
roguecitizenone so we can see this asshole cuz he wears his cro-magnon misogyny on his face. the collective voices of he and those who also cloak their contempt for women through religion and other means need to be drowned out by the voices of decency.
rt agf412: reem4ca disclosetv there is no god in any religion mate sorry to burst your bubble
oxforddiplomat using religion to justify being an asshole yet again i see
i prefer buddhism because it gives three principles in combination which no other religion does all other religions are bothering themselves with god and soul and life after death buddhism teaches prajna (understanding as against superstitions and supernaturalism) 12/25 embeddedurl
that_blacc_girl mompha, his supposed “friend” denied him publicly. saying he can never associate himself with bob because of his religion. meanwhile he’s been in bob’s dms and they even talk and see each other offline
pepe_szn22 andywunday zontar_dow richarddawkins (...) and far more unwarranted religious hostility and hatred (towards judaism as a religion/lifestyle) is absolutely ridiculous, and indeed, quite offensive.
kccinews that's because it's not a "religion but a relationship
bluedragonsfang team_litecoin liquidalmond fman123 rustyrockets definitely not the gods that practically any current major religion proposes, from what i know they all have narcissistic, unreasonable and sometimes just downright cruel demands. i'd prefer a god that can see reason through people's decisions, and actually values good actions
jonathanmerritt the way the sbc does christianity, it's no different from any other religion. it's just the same old same old. when i became a man, i put away that crap and embraced jesus. he's nothing like they've ever tried to tell me he was
truly stunned to see this barbarism in the name of religion. no one has any right to punish anyone except the court & the state. extra judicial killing should be treated as killing. we've become an intolerant & religiously fanatic society. we're beyond repair. sialkot embeddedurl
saw orupakkakathai on zee5tamil starting with a bizzare situation, this unique film by balaji tharaneetharan deals with mystery,science, religion & faith. an interesting plot that's engaging. the lead pair portrays the insecurity of their roles to perfection. 3.50/5
andreacp1105 billrmullinsjr1 robschneider the muslim religion has used the mask to subjugate women throughout history. could be part of the larger whole of world domination. just a crazy thought.
collegeofpolice but they decide it’s phobic (bullies never take responsibility & always pass the buck) or are looking for a way to bully further. it gives bullies, liars & a***holes who also happen to be trans, gay, a certain religion etc. a free rein to behave how they like & blame the victim
tu mujhese b chipak. is umar a object ??? ye kuch b bolegi log fun way me le jayenge. but this is not funny guys. she really dragged religion here. usko sayad asim himansi ke bare me pata nehi hain. embeddedurl
maha_sattva i understand and appreciate the challenge. more conversations like this are needed to understand that everyone heals and copes differently. i feel we have similar core beliefs about the human experience, yours is just more religion based and mine is more spiritual. &that’s okay!
there are people who believe that their own religion has nothing to offer except a bag of rice. embeddedurl
bharuch: more 6 arrested in kankariya illegal religion conversion case. gujarat tv9news embeddedurl
"this muslim lady came to our church this christmas morng n started distributing 'christmas nasi lemak' to the congregation immediately after mass. only in the borneon states of east malaysia where people of different race and religion can live together in harmony and peace." embeddedurl
ivyalvarez what is this new religion?
if secularists and left-illiberals oppose "majoritarianism", then they support minoritarinism. the indian state anyway functions that way till date where religious minorities of abrahamic religions (not any other indic minority religion) have veto power over the majority.
paisleypaddy what is his religion?
sweetchairdidy sltrib the people targeting the educated in the us right now are on the right wing politically. as for the rest, i don't see any of that happening. nobody is banning religion. there's no "outing" of people for their beliefs. you're seeing shadows and thinking they are monsters.
my new religion embeddedurl
ericmmatheny i don't remember who first said it but "those who don't believe in anything will fall for everything". it is in our nature to seek purpose. those who don't believe in god will make something their "religion" and they'll never understand why they still feel empty.
laralogan not_the_bee world "leaders" still believe the "religion of peace" line. what that in fact means to muslims is that there will be no peace until islam dominates the world. the taliban is the modern day version of muhammad's philosophy -- backed with $80b in arms from beijingbiden.
i hate religion, those who spout its shit and everyone involved. its the worlds biggest and most dangerous war machine led by war mongers preaching fake peace and love
drutangathome science is their new religion
mmpadellan you are not anti-rich your real agenda is anti-religion
i keep reading cases of discrimination against indians/ hindus based on religion & culture in us universities. please share your stories with him if you've faced this type of harassment. i'm sure many students of audrey truschke will have stuff to share! embeddedurl
johnpavlovitz remember, christianity is a religion of women and the poor. you’re not shitting on who you think you are in this tweet! christianity = following jesus. the white nationalism brand of evangelicalism prevalent in our country must be separated from the truth of what christianity is.
joannechocolat i tell my boys that all of it (religion included) are stories that people can choose to believe in.
public lands being allocated for namaz, salaries are being given to maulvis. control being taken of temples, taxes are being imposed on daan. yes, indian constitution gives equality to everyone regardless of religion and caste.
pay us to handle your; religion homework spss algebra mba arts psychology proposals exams geometry ecology physics essaypay mechanics ✓english maths excel geography assignments statistics english engineering law lab report bibliography ✓dissertations dm us reserchjoe embeddedurl
kingosharks brianco84208590 apokaiypsis cyprianfumo 2chin2furious so do islamists. i bet you dont want to be ruled by them. thats how non-christians feel about you. its better if neither religion rules. we had enough historical examples of religious governments. or just look at the middle east. you dont want that wherever you live.
rt carolinemcorbin: it is not discrimination to deny funding to religion because we have an establishment clause
ashokshrivasta6 twitter preetkgillmp hindu terrorist? now terrorism has religion? what type of hypocrisy is this? really you can go to any low for money and power.
vikki60601613 anil_21r maneesheikh and only because these radicals know they can use religion to gain power and control over the political spectrum and people. and manipulating beliefs of both theists and atheists is highly effective in such matter.
thehill wow, how lucky is she to have been born in the exact right time and place to be a part of the only true religion that has ever existed?
aabhas24 chutia women don't know that only hindu dharam respect women no other mazab chuslam or fake santa religion can give you respect idiot lady
japtikapar siddhu91639423 navins27 bhaktapita1 realistnihilis1 shyvijay mugilkannadiga drsudhirn anand_gj ajavgal you keep your religion with you we don't have any problem. but , if you badmouth our language and culture. then , we know how to deal with that.
inavelis bts_twtt_minpd i like you because you are a genius in making songs, i hate it because we are not of the same religion but i love you 7 because of your talent and hard work. embeddedurl
there’s no way anyone with common sense can believe anything that a liberal tells them! their language is lies and their religion is hypocrisy! too many times they’ve lied to steal god given freedom and tax dollars now in the trillions!!! they believe their agenda allows deceit! embeddedurl
rt kennleandre: the gurdwara initiative says a lot about religion theirs and yours.
andersleijersta some people willingly comply, others have to be persuaded. race should not come into it but religion and associated disinformation appears to.
rt kamallochanm: if you religion is your pride then why converting christianity? justasking
rahim1030 freeiran_sam bai_mina last time i checked i was iranian and you were paki. so stop lecturing me on what is and what's not my culture. your barbaric religion is certainly not my culture. i wonder which is more overwhelming, your arrogance or your ignorance.
we muslims believe in humanity, our prophet pbuh has strictly forbidden us to violate the rights of non muslims. i am a muslim and i condemn this act of cruelty. this act was a personal enemity and has nothing to do with religion. سانحہ_سیالکوٹ embeddedurl
colorstv beingsalmankhan umarriaz se zada support kisike paas nehi hai . stop attacking on his profession, character, religion and family.
ani the people must boycott the political leaders who are trying to divide the people by religion and caste and protect our secular nation from these political leaders.
kaurageousdils harishbpuri sikh are very religious and fun loving people.they r well cultured & deeply patriotic.never came across k elements so can’t comment on them . we cant blame the whole community for the misdeeds of few. every religion have such fanatics and they should be dealt with iron hand.
jaredlorz kylenabecker thehill it changes nothing about the fact that kwanzaa isn’t a religion.
read guberkleycenter weekly update on religion and covid19, focusing on the omicronvariant and its affect on vaccination efforts, religious exemptions, and more. if20wellbeing embeddedurl
enlightener_the cmsloporion bortcleys polticola eoinhiggins_ nellsco people are begging for more oppression!? the progressive authoritarian uses “crisis religion” to incrementally restrict our god-given no amount of facts and logic can sway the adherents. they are relentless and can never be satisfied!? embeddedurl
callm3atheist ani religion &gt;&gt;&gt; anything for thiests
rt culturewarsmag: abortion is a jewish sacrament. why are the jews allowed to impose their religion on us? embeddedurl
christmas airdrops you presents as a kid to earn your loyalty to the network you later reinvest more into the network by getting your kids/friends better presents than what you got christians were ahead of the curve on web3 what other growth strategies exist in religion?
electricepistle dasaladshake brotherdawah i think that is just an answer for the famous "why do you believe your religion is better than the others". simple elimination process leaves you with the big three and between those only islam makes sense without even needing to dive deep into actual details of the religion.
john_skimo i don't take that boy seriously since he asked ace to intervene at sabc retrenchment debacle. traditional, religion, youths and business leaders formed a powerful mdm which is popular than radzilani and her crooks brigade. they see her as sellout.
rt haroonriaz: what sialkot lynch mob did is state policy and state religion in pakistan. don't know what seems to be the problem.
superwhitten data1five embeddedurl my thoughts exactly. the blindfold as well has its roots in freemasonry and ultimately, the secret mystery religion which reaches from babylon. they'll say the blindfold is for the good reason, it's not. bloodied hands reaching up from the rise of this new
