willintune african brothers killing their people because of religion and tribe. why do we do this to ourselves? where is love? where is humanity?
theview theview so meghan mccain retweets something from a right wing fox news pundit, aka nutjob. making fun of joe bidens religion, catholicism. meghan is toned deaf & adds to the division in this country. embeddedurl
“army make some noise” by jimin is my religion embeddedurl
khaakhun there is no compulsion is religion,for you it's ur religion for me it's my religion...respect all the religion and do not criticise ..leaving or accepting any religion is ur personal choice
religion is nt a matter to crack joke abt it...respect each others religion is d duty of all & its others rights too if i crack a joke/criticise abt/on thn u can do so on me..can b considered.. bt u cant & should nt crack joke on others religion.. embeddedurl
sandeep33654692 karangi98182345 diljitdosanjh converting to different religion is one's own decision. open your eyes wide and see how many christians converted to sikhi across europe and north america. what's the purpose of this debate? andh bhakt moron. farmersprotest
if you truly wish to change hearts & minds in matters of politics or religion, just remember: your kindness is always more persuasive than your rightness.
constitutionofthesupremegod it is against the constitution of kabir god to fight in the name of caste and religion. we should all refute casteism and do full devotion to god. for more information watch saint rampal ji satsang on satlok ashram youtube channel. embeddedurl
gemsofbollywood maharashtra needs a renaissance. the govt and all the officials there are so corrupted that they have made corruption a normal thing for the people especially youth living there. they have slowly & gradually deprived them of their religion, its value and its greatness.!
saifalikhan aliabbaszafar tandav why don't you make series on your own religion n make fun of your own gods. just make one on your god then jusr see wht happens
kulisu86 iamthecap10 akuma_fh sirtalksalot202 tomragaert megatronnie christianity isn't the only form of religion.
talking to this lady made me realize you can't be very religious and be logical at the same time. logic and religion can't fit in the same box and it's disappointing. how you confidently be spewing so much nonsense even when you have the fact staring directly at your face.
dad walked in on me talking bad about him and religion i'm probably fucking dead. it was nice knowing everyone
1777 scarce french latin book in a beautiful bindery work - office de la quinzaine de paque - easter prayer. embeddedurl bookwithasoul finebinding 18thcentury religion spiritual christianity booklovers bookworm bookstore booknerd rarebooks bibliophile embeddedurl
remamw1 mtuflani _fels1 okay and while you’re at it,don’t get so trapped in the religion box that you fail to understand what faith actually means.
lmcgrew i mean valid criticism, but i’ll never be able to read a religion take from somebody who has astrology symbols in their name without chuckling.
gaganagrawal: rt hindolsengupta: there is no religion in the world which can be called 'false' with impunity as is done regularly to hinduism. this is an old hatred for the 'pagans', 'idolators', 'heathens', 'kafirs'. i'm all for annihilation of caste, … embeddedurl
rappers and their religion: embeddedurl
no religion, no politics, no caste, no regionalism, no divisions, hardwork & food unite us all humans. norepealnogharwapsi embeddedurl
astrology is basically just religion but cuter
i've officially decided that the next history book i write will be the biography of mirceaeliade. a fan in la reached out after listening to my newbooksnetwork podcast (my pinned tweet) & pitched the idea to me. i've always wanted to do a 2nd phd in religion+eliade is complex!
retweet if you get thrilled listening to this song retweet if you get proud of your religion while listening to this song retweet if you want to play this song 5 times a day by installing a mic so that the entire city hears it embeddedurl
rt theepicdept: nobody has invented a good new religion in a while. what's up with that
pineapples_xxx like u said at young age malays don't mind abt religion, that is the sole reason leading to them leaving the religion, and accumulate n sins. i have tried my best to change i cnt. i'm a sinner too. i'm just fed up f malays thinking moors are not progressive as they stick to islam
richie04184170 mrsinghcricump krisnair1 ...look at history, this country was broken in two based on religion by congress.....don't forget who is the true culprit.....any thoughts on this?
if "religion is doing this" then why not see what law1 means? you live it to build safety/peace but don"t demand it of them? what does jew/gentile mean? what's your solution? nonviolent end: nwo agenda 21; the passion of the christ; reset mocked embeddedurl embeddedurl
kaiosama_king vitamindiddy neruaelle what are you talking about..’my people’. ? are you not from our country. ? if you are talking about a religion, or a skin color, or sexual orientation, or whatever...then you have no idea what i’m talking about. but i wish you the best, sincerely.
karmankaurr there is no doubt there is only one religion in the world where the" seva " a true service for everyone is served without any discrimination of cast n creed. aa saare rab de bandey aa...
hulkcass10 exactly mate. if people are good enough they will get any job. we shouldn’t have to prioritise any colour, creed, sex, religion or sexual tendencies. pathetic really.
theradr ew. on behalf of people who claim to practice the same religion i do, i apologize
lwitchgirl angryblacklady angelarr56 freedom from religion.
darius_roberti filth_md it's a no for me. even if there are more men who've been bad doctors, it's not because of their sex/gender. a lot of women have these same views, whether it's because of religion or just being patriarchal or whatever. this is a very slippery slope and is a big fat no.
rt iamopele: religion answers no questions. religion forces you to accept someone's beliefs.
islam religion peace faith belief muslim muslims muslimah authentic abolish innovation quran hadith sunnah allah question answer qna embeddedurl
randallbone coconutdog01 antking66 donsvess they don’t - you think good actions from tax payer subsidised funds cleanse the vile ? it’s worked a treat in the past with religion ! how many cases of sexual abuse in religious schools and orphanages around the globe ? actions !
my religion embeddedurl
eangel4285 most religious people are not evil. but religion does appeal to evil sociopaths because it provides them with a veil of moral superiority to hide behind
strangercandy2 lorenzmaxwell documentbitcoin i think religion is holding back the true potential of humanity
zblox unthinkable how many lds folks have been swindled and given up the principles of their religion to defend a corrupt reality tv star who sleeps with porn stars.
kfile it's something that transcends politics, religion--these things are far less important than we think. it's our humanity that matters.
lylesollayates it’s a bit more complex - no country was really monolithic in its religion, and a good way out if you were in the minority was to take up mercenary service with a political faction of your sect
svizzerams secpompeo i see your point. i am not religious myself and would prefer him not to say this. but i also don't see it as a big issue. we hear a lot about god and religion during the gw bush presidency. and even obama's. including in the official speeches.
kobeanson hfufyegejdh oh i will hopefully soon the triangle spiral thing is just a plain emblem of the abyssal religion , ppl who pray for the eldritch god thats all i have for now o(-(
spideymark1 nekzaad amol_20011987 rosen77 sabrinasingh24 of course we have a 97 majority of course we won't allow a minority to rule a majority, but the chief justice can be of any religion, there was a hindu once, btw due to minority seats, it's easier for the minorities to get a job as their seats are reserved and our people are
deliana96339584 giles_fraser fox_claire it is you who have an ignorant and superstitious attitude towards religion. being a victim, one would guess, of the ludicrous atheist superstition.
whereimeetyou codeofvets what set you off bubba? i think christians honor others religion pretty well, however i don't think others religion honors christianity at all.. want to continue that debate
reforgeamerica ididndothat the disconnect in religion is what happens when people twist good ideas into things they are not, which happens always.
ginger_lici0us ding ding ding!!! you’re right! i know i just gave this whole spiel about religion in relationship to politics while not actually being religious myself, but i do still base my views off of the things that i learned from studying the bible. 1/2
yashar she really doubled down with the "patriot" language in her last update. breaking down how she defines herself: religion (big whoop dems are religious too), patriotism (again, how is this unique) and a trump supporter (so she voted for a man like we do every 4 yrs). how complex.
university an emergence theory of religion unittheme:vulnerability and reciprocity in the fieldwork encountersaturday, 9:00 am�11:30
baldilocks__ the worst thing is that they won't even blame it on religion. blind devotion .
jamient1776 and that would be an example of someone who professes to be a christian. that’s a christ like action. not these trump loving folks who call themselves christian conservatives. fake shallow religion that runs more people away than draw folks in.
‘every individual associated with the school shall be entitled to freedom of thought, conscience and religion, and to hold opinions without interference, disability or disadvantage, and to freedom of expression and speech within the law, ...
the true basis of religion is not belief, but intuitive experience. intuition is the soul’s power of knowing god. to know what religion is really all about, one must know god. - paramahansayogananda
i'm confused, why is there so much praying and christianity? i thought the democrats hated god and wanted to outlaw religion.
true religion solution: gunmen hack father john gbakaan to death, kidnap h... embeddedurl
al-fawzan حفظه الله said: “people don't pray and say religion is in their hearts. if it were in their heart, they would have prayed. ” al-ittihaf, p. 536
exmuslimsorg hindus can take a joke. forget jokes, we have been taking ridiculing, vulgar mockings,sarcasms,etc. for ages.but what we are now asking is a level playground. every religion should be mocked and not just us. all prophets. all sons of gods. is it being intolerant?? y only us
“you know whatever colour, whatever religion, your friends, your neighbours or even strangers are, they're all human beings. you've got to treat them as human beings with the respect they deserve.” holocaust survivor ann kirk bem corerespect corecares echohorizons21 embeddedurl
sh feroze khan ji was not a parsi, but a muslim by birth. his parsi mother changed her religion to marry sh nawab khan ji so to marry sh feroz khan ji, honbl pm indira ji changed her name to m.begum source : embeddedurl embeddedurl
my_suhr_guitar iromg juliahb1 i love the way he calls all the people he’s hugging brother & sister because we are, if we want to be because we respect each other’s race & religion more of this please between races, because there has been too much division these last few years
"the only difference between a cult and a religion is the amount of real estate they own" --frank zappa djloonyo liveonkumu
williamsruto kipmurkomen are there books you want to read but hard to get? i could get them for you in pdf format at a very cheap price. personal development books, religion, finance, law, medical, love novels, history etc i will get them for you within minutes. for inquiries and purchase, please dm
naughtybear2019 yeah. don’t give a fuck about religion so i’ll follow stevie hahahahha
a video was once posted of a woman in full hijab who forgave her son's killer saying "i can't hate you, that's not our way, showing rahma and mercy is our way" and the caption said " forget religion and society this is humanity" bruh if it was something bad you wouldn't
the issue of discrimination is one of the leading factors in preventing the development of india! regardless of caste, religion or gender everyone should have the ability to live their life free of discrimination! great work oxfamindia embeddedurl
what is happening in delhi is very unfortunate. very immature behaviour by the protesters putting religious flag and kisan sangathan flag at lal quila is highly condemnable it is a place for indian flag and shall remain so any religion or any sangathan cannot be above our nation.
if you don’t like frank ieros solo projects please do not interact with me it's against my religion and it makes me feel like a sinner if i interact with those who sin. no offense, i'm sure you're nice but i just don't feel comfortable /c
there are three kind of people in india first who follows religion but not its teachings or humanity second follow political parties with illogical issues not humanity third who believes in logics and humanity whose % is .001% bantandav dharma logic india hadhaiyaar embeddedurl
juzzie21 megan_knipe hermanhmain abarthurbrown this my dear friend is a fight between good and evil, not between ethnicity, class, colour or religion, they using these means to divide us, honestly it's working to a tee.
this didn’t just randomly conjure overnight. maldives allowed these people to propagate and operate with impunity, under the guise of religion. government authorities were complicit in allowing them to intimidate, threaten, or even kill anyone who dared to speak out against them. embeddedurl
"no other religion gives such value to mankind as the most disgusted naqshbandi order gives. and among grandsheikhs such value as our grandsheikh abdullah gives to the sons of adam&mankind, i have never heard." - mawlana shaykh nazim al haqqani an naqshbandi (q.s) embeddedurl
xiaosyaksha thats a good religion
my favorite gay dynamic is when a character slowly but surely allows themselves to be loved after putting up barriers for so long with their s/o believing in the good and light and people to a damaging extent. my second favorite is whatever sweet religion was doing.
“since the earliest times people have set rules to regulate the conduct of war and lessen its suffering.” examples of work with religious circles in this new icrc religion and humanitarian principles website show the universality of ihl core principles. embeddedurl
bbcnewsni chrispagetv those who follow this form of religion need to take a good long hard look at what they are kneeling down to
rt hambino15: radiofreetom organized religion is the gateway drug to idol worship. christianity in its current form is a farce.
sliver_prince svengamex dana_voicu_ leannwalters vlwins sagehillfarms meidastouch i am not a politician and would never want to be. compromise... close borders but allow immigration thru legal means & fast tracking people fleeing from oppression. leave the core entitlements alone... freedom of speech, religion, etc
however, his attempts were in vain, as frumentius remained in charge of the coptic church while ezana, a new christian, cemented the religion into ethiopian culture.
tomorrow, ii host matthewclifford kicks off his salon series on the middle ages! join us for a discussion of religion in the medieval period—church power, the seeds of the reformation, monks, and fear of the end of the world. 8 pm london: embeddedurl
bennabi on the social role of religion. religion plays a profound role if it is a part of the collective thought or in the words of ibn khaldun, "group feeling". whwn religion gets centripetal in terms of its influence and individualistic, the religion-civilization relation ends embeddedurl
aussie politics is very much like religion. it requires blind faith. if you accept the reality it just falls apart. if jesus was alive today would he be at the vatican raking in the cash or would he be bayside with fatherbob performing the odd miracle whilst feeding the hoards?
rt hcdawes: you may have to break up with religion to find god.
thejustmuslim bostonbill1982 fablesholy anthony07984978 alonma221 notjameskav 7_nets _uglyluigi puggalf leylakhalid22 oron_topch nasaonacid lolokest yotambt theepicdept i'm not from america, britain or canada. the world would not have been "stuck in time of nobles and peasants" without islam, christianity or any other religion. progress moves on, people learn, inventions are made, with or without religions, gods, etc.
come on lah, if you want to bring religion into everything please, the least you can do is get your facts right. religion that was taught in public schools are one of the worst sources. do some self study it’s not that hard. how the hell these people became government officials
alexberenson when vaccines are a religion...
(cw transphobia, pedophilia, rape mention) i'm so fucking tired of how malaysia uses religion to excuse so much shit including racism transphobia and pedophilia don't get me started on rape apologists
phaseoluskayak you either live in the deep south, or in a town based on religion (/jk)
navaidaziz well i guess you can't criticize religion...
sarnchos rofasanten i read wisdom with the use of words in that sentence. "his religion and politics"
i’ll never have an issue with anyone’s religion tbh cause i believe theres just one god and i believe it’s typical that he’ll create different means for people all over the world he created to serve him.
bentzysu rabbisacks he's quoting marx he must be a liberal marxist anti-religion communist. how can you even read such a book?
rt stevenvirag: markdamon77 chipfranklin it's a touchy subject, but politicians work fork every race every religion not just one
i blame religion for this qanon shit. it's not surprising that folks who were indoctrinated since childhood to accept things like talking snakes, the virgin birth & human sacrifices resurrecting will in turn believe other crazy shit. religion taught them to accept nonsense. …
nurse_ihuoma nurse you should know better, medical compatibility sexual compatibility financial compatibility family religion for some tribe for some
if you have found enlightenment of the heart through islam, christianity, or judaism, or have enlightenment without religion—because your heart is enlightened, god would look at your heart and see your heart. this is the creed of goharshahi embeddedurl embeddedurl
_halaby al khafiroon say: "oh, you who disbelieve! "i do not worship that which you worship, "nor do you worship that which i worship. "nor will i worship that which you have been worshipping, "neither will you worship that which i worship. "to you your religion and to me mine."
deejayfaremi avfc_religion he didn’t receive the ball from the player. he went and got it from him.
...i fucking hate religion embeddedurl
drolufunmilayo hi , i am esohe ; your no.1 ebook vendor.i sell ebooks of all aspects of life ; academics, love/romance,wars, history, motivation, leadership ,business/finance, religion, personal development etc. just slide into my dm with your request and i will get them for you at a token.
magicaloverload why i divorced religion and became a none. truly, that's a chapter title in my book!
drdavidsm as far as i could tell from the students who explained their thinking, it was some unsures that went to no. i don't think any of the yes crowd changed opinion. which lends credence to launiusr's religion of spaceflight observations!
holdtheline shows that the division in this country was an illusion that people feed on. dems, reps, people of all religion everyone has come together to show support or fight back daddyelon this is a class war always had been and now the sides are showing.
in christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with reality at any point. ~friedrich nietzsche quote embeddedurl
christianity is a way of life. the people that were 1st called christians at antioch in syria were said to be actn like jesus so they were gvn the name out of mockery sef lol. however, it is a religion with many denominations. some of even think other denominations will go 2 hell
joyjiyo yes they're same worst like talibans, coz extremism is worst thing in every religion
"independently, i've made the decision to lower the temperature and walk away from speaking about politics and religion... i realize it's important because of the diverse views of the company and our market." as if it was his decision! trump playbook. embeddedurl
and profited in the jews' religion above many my equals in mine own nation, being more exceedingly zealous of the traditions of my fathers. galatians 1:14 king james version (kjv) theunheardtruth tutlivepodcast
alot of times i doubt religion in general
northerners acknowledge for once that you lots are the actual problem nigeria has, from herdmen menace to boko haram to banditry and kidnappings, stifling one through religion and total regressive cultures fulani arewatwitter oyo
gtconway3d urocklive1 no one wants to say it but, religion has gotten out of control...it’s either brain damage or brain washing
eggertsnorri dianetics hahahahah we both know if cnn said today that scientology was good you would suck a dick to join in a second. just like how they told you socialism is. man i feel bad. but what do i expect from someone who only listens to others and spends his days attacking religion on twitter.
the reason i'm not in a cult and don't follow a religion is the same instinct that kept me away from the republican party... yall have a sickness
find_evil about queer friendly. i think it was only friendly in certain community. mostly being gay is still looked down but not stoned to death like in another island dominated by other religion but since they are foreigners. us local not pay attention.
bbcworld for students arrested over artwork that disrespects and makes fun of the main religion in the country! good job turkey!
blkfaeriemama aren’t you the one that brought up religion in the first pl- nvm
cico_j truthymchurts mollymckew benjaminwittes inauthentic* free will and religion don't mix well there is no free will bc you are predestined in his plan
it's worldreligionday. domestic violence can impact people of any faith, religion, or spiritual practice, and some abusers may choose to use these beliefs to harm or shame partners. faith can also be an important part of some survivors' healing process: embeddedurl embeddedurl
james connolly on religion and politics. maybe some people need an education on twitter in ireland. embeddedurl
i was raised in the church. i’ll always be spiritual. i’m just not into religion.
everyone : this is my nationality, religion, sect, cast, creed, status, field. le humanity : embeddedurl
"christian! do not dishonor your religion by always wearing a brow of care; come cast your burden upon your lord." charleshaddonspurgeon morningandevening embeddedurl
evaenlaradio religion_cope alfayomegasem arguments .
dwarner1313 i mean... a lot of us want to get violent, because we’re losing our shit... but, we aren’t fucking insane & being told that it’s ok to act out on your inner desires. can you imagine?! good god... there’s a reason we have rules, and even religion... yeesh. embeddedurl
like i want to have beliefs because personally i do find comfort in it, but religion makes me so uncomfortable and i dont personally want to identify with it
candi151 are the upper echelons rife with right wing zealots? this from the air force academy this comes on top of complaints that evangelical christians seem to have a hold on this school and that they're trying to force their religion on others. npr's jeff brady reports.
yeah cause not every one is catholic or christian and we have something known as division between religion and state/government. but i wouldn’t expect you to know about that kayleighmcenany embeddedurl
also if religion is more profitable than industry. embeddedurl
missymax6 nra joebiden kamalaharris mrcolionnoir who's my dad? also last i checked i'm not in a cult. i claim no political party, religion or organization. so what cult do you think i belong to?
rngod42 theresadewa katymontgomerie and not experiencing dysphoria doesn't make you less trans, nor does it mean its a choice. even if it was a choice, that doesn't mean trans people don't experience prejudice or oppression. i mean, religious people can be a protected class, and religion is a choice.
"former alberta teacher reprimanded, fined $4,000 for calling student homophobic slur. former band and religion teacher..." - please reply with your favorite "i'm shocked!" gif. &lt;sigh&gt; abed psbaa ata ableg embeddedurl
dis isn't something to be proud of im sorry bt dis is disrespectful, u people said we're fighting for farmers, but it's looks like it's more about *punjab*, farmers are everywhere from every state & religion, if this was abt farmers of our country? tu national flag kyu ni lagaya. embeddedurl
okay i’ll keep my rage player shit to my main, sorry about that. back to talking about *checks notes* signless/disciple and dirkjake and love as religion?
akpcharles mobilepunch sinless or sinfulness all that matters is been humane! fuck the religion thing dem don brain wash ona! how many of you really serve god in spirit and in truth? only god knows that.
new tumblr post: "call for papers: special issue of the journal of literary and cultural disability studies" embeddedurl cfp, callforpapers, religion, religiousstudies, acrel
k24tv "religion of peace"
jogulambav they want to come into the power in the state with creating difference among the people by way of caste and religion
biawurbi if you genuinely want to know about christianity, see someone personally. asking her on twitter will mess up your views on your religion and others too. invest time in what you want
_rewhan honestly about half of d&d and pf's problem with evil characters is the books say that because of your alignment or religion you're *compelled* to be violently antisocial and self-destructive and if you aren't going that then you're just neutral but a dick
rt donnie_religion: i just been doing me
jayneonearth petehasabeard i agree keep religion and politics separate but remember his dad carried the bible our book in front of church he doesn't go to church and it was upside down lol so stupid
ye devdutt ka problem kya hai? hinduism is not a religion, it cannot be compared to islam. hinduism is a code of moral ethics defined by victorious tribes detailing the sociopolitical roles of the victors (upper castes) and the roles of those natives they defeated (lower castes).
all i ever wanted was kindness for everyone. regardless of gender, race, sexuality, religion...no one should be judged by those things. they should be judged by their hearts and actions. nothing more...guess i ask too much.
hubert1863 senschumer the government isn’t elected to give mass. religion is very personal & diversified in america. but applied science & the truth applies to all of us, specially during a pandemic killing 4,000 a day. god can help if we help ourselves. everything can’t be left to religious inklings.
natlgovsassoc chiefusar euprosecutor cpsuk asrec_religion naevangelicals prosalliance prosecutordave gaprosecutors kathyfndzrundle johnmorganesq morganlewislaw neti_hidta ondcp
mishyloan australia_wake this is a real problem with religion; that evil people use the stage of their religion to promote and achieve their own personal goals. it’s even worse when you consider that they can do this tax free and under the aegis of a god. there seems to be no consequence for this abuse.
at least beni knows what the true point of religion is in cultures. always gotta bend the story to fit the local government regulations embeddedurl
rt mahalabyed: unbelievable really.. since when is killing authorized in the religion ? how more ironic can this country be?
sleepymia145 no cuz this has happened to me so many times and it’s awkward cuz when ur muslim u feel like u can’t say anything cuz ppl will think ur an extremist or smth it’s hard to say “stop talking abt religion” to someone without sounding arrogant
kanganateam urmilamatondkar also according to urmila matondkar, hinduism is the most violent religion embeddedurl
mahparasafdar qaid m a jinnah's stand keep religion out of state affairs (strange as it was after having founded it on the basis of religion) was overridden by the objectives resolution.
18.01.21 science & religion put together becomes experience. jay shri krishna !!
imkimaaron pauldubuisson patricktheb jools6691 malo_j umfpt megavolt1 scientiapercept leanneaf naturalbatheist vincepopart brough_joshua friendof_darwin smokeystafford realist_dragon atheist_1978 deanomartino1 donholtmac abranesample anthonyt2_mufc terrenc58307664 tklforgiven michellmybell1 impeachqueen lindaz333 commonsensejan canna420uk nelsonmkerr jatapps geraldpayne25 rjdownard infinitelymanic kaden_harris htownsmitty hazypeter myhighhills nadsshoes thewestonmike surgerysleeper rykergsd peterfi98279139 georgegoulet4 ah_science takethatdarwin wendzedin robster16a aviralassassin thedukeistheman haircutspock mycya4me “is that why there are 40,000 sects of your religion?” other than darwinism and neo-darwinism, how many sects of evolution are there, kim? more and more disagreements keep arising among evolutionists so there must now be literally hundreds of such disparate sects, right?
eranityyt is the story only centered around the concept/religion known as among drip
cricketnext not opening my work laptop. it can wait. cricket is my religion cricinsights ausvind
demonduttimyth just wanted to create a false hallucination over hindus like what abrahamic religion did before few centuries before their religion was born after persecution. embeddedurl
blessedishisnam 1985_bttf carolinasassie you seriously have done zero research into the bush crime family. if that's the party you want to return to then you really should give up on your religion. it's meaningless
in case you still weren’t sure what their religion is. embeddedurl
whitekn62541805 skynews respectfully there are other explanations for how all of this could’ve occurred. but i didn’t come here to speak with you about religion. i came to talk about sexuality. so, sorry, but i won’t be continuing this conversation.
there are two religion.religion of the free and religion of the bond.just when a woman who committed adultery was brought before jesus,about to be stoned to death.jesus told them;whoever has not sinned should first cast a stone.when they heard this,they left her alone,and jesus..
pplofindia the constitutional guarantee to follow ones religion without any coercive conversion under the garb of fake love is the spirit of love jihad ordinance. it should be christened 'right to religious freedom; ordinance
flvrttae what’s his religion ?
scottadamssays here's their blurb on "freedom of religion and belief": the new administration must end religious favoritism and abandon policies that wrongly treat religious freedom as a license to harm others. hmmm... not feeling the 1st amendment here too strongly.
if i were the devil by paul harvey ... soon i could evict god from the courthouse, then from the schoolhouse, and then from the houses of congress. and in his own churches i’d substitute psychology for religion and deify science. i would lure priest & ... embeddedurl embeddedurl
elusiveman01 sparklyjules3 gaycatdad1 its a wrong thing to say about islam. its a religion i respect
r. e. m. - losing my religion embeddedurl
hemantmehta i had a feeling it was going to go into religion just by how he spoke. never thought it would go there though. embeddedurl
gregabbott_tx matthew 25:45 "he will reply, 'truly i tell you, whatever you did not do for one of the least of these, you did not do for me.'" i don't even believe in your shitty religion, but i can tell you don't either.
archie_voltaire i admire their willingness to push back against politicking in religion.
zypisfy cern_lxxl johnkrahn2 globalist13903 pray2pesci smug2bme simple_shaman splintersimba imkimaaron randolf828 willsworldview bbrown24646528 zapher134 rossgilroy andrewrchapman yourmomspants1 lincolngrox boudiceaall brianslimdog77 buggford realist_dragon kenrdkab mike73641430 cleisthenes5 blackswans8 mikenedie praisehisname50 jakepizorno wolfpak561 tcunderdahl horusrage jasonmc08352085 tripleoxymoron annefreespirit tklforgiven markthorsby1 verniejim geraldpayne25 tarik_ebu velveteven jools6691 makin47550299 narratingfools much2croweded realliously buildren allistairgraham falchion14 robertbrowniej5 ellen5e "i have never conflated science with religion, because they have nothing to do with one another." that doesn't mean we can't use it as a tool. science (and logic and history) disprove the claims of christianity.
telegramchannel congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably 2 assemble, & 2 petition the government 4 redress of grievances
tracyzille even the schools the churches built are way very expensive for the children of the poor to attend. the most expensive private schools here in nigeria are own by the churches. this one the challenges we face here in nigeria. our religion leaders are part of the problems.
saanyachopradua no one argues on message of sd. its a way of existence for us but for the world its a religion only. lets not confuse. i'm a hindu . i'm a sanatani .
simonreye vk2lj mjrowland68 abc730 kerryobrien abcnews hiding your hate behind religion is an embarrassment. most christian sects have accepted the gays and same sex marriage and a large percentage of christians do the same. there is no excuse for court to hold on to those dark age notions. it is all her and she is all evil
purushrar__ khaledbeydoun it. was not a hindu or muslim majority it was a peaceful state till paki muslims forced out hindus . it’s a land for all religion . read your history . and say ohm .... keep chanting this yiur anger will go away
deltacure14 their point is that they removed religion from people but people haven't stopped worshipping a god. the just went from worshipping the christian god to worshipping the state and its sacred cows.
gokcenonal1 poteromo disclosetv i’m still waiting for an actual answer. claiming things to be true which have been proven to be not true is religion, not reality.
religion motivation vibration positivevibes bohemian women cross choker necklace blue eye beads embeddedurl embeddedurl
stop selling religion, stop selling hope, give people practical solution. how do you buy a factory and then convert it into a church and people come inside and they're praying for employment? owrongnow sorosoke endsars nigeria
idc what religion you are pray or do spells for me pls
titusnation i know it's nuts, but i'm good with this. we accommodate prisoners of war where we can, so i'd go along with this if it's something in his religion. it's not fair, and it sucks, but it's something pretty normal. one of the few normal things about this week.
y’all gonna stop hiding behind religion and thinking that’s the factor of everything. people’s characteristics are. i could be claiming “christian” and still be evil. fuck outta here.
the american flag represents freedom. it includes the blood our forefathers shed on the battle field for our liberty. it represents men and women of every race, religion, and walk of life. a trump flag doesn’t represent shit.
rt pensivepoet97: god never changes despite modern religion trying to change what he has said for centuries
andraydomise chuds: "marx was racist/sexist/antisemetic/anti-religion/wrong about some stuff so you shouldn't buy into his economic ideas" people of every ethnicity and religion and gender for over a century: embeddedurl
kapoorkkunal 'religion of man' by tagore.
erinotoole when based on religion or anything else!!
rt sjk_hopes: relationship with god&gt; religion
always remember: islam is not an elitist religion! islam is not something that can only be understood by some great philosopher and thinker! the companions were simple people, yet they had most knowledge of allāh and the religion. indeed, knowledge was a dot - simple, but those
heymaiseee i'm just saying.. i know more people that like potatoes than they do religion
shizz_sama stephystorms jon_gloweey ifekiisha you call that forcing? loool.. what do we call those who literally kill others for not converting to their religion?
sudharshan32 that also a sign of failed religion and its outcome of islamic colonial consciousness. unlike religions of classical india that give india its classical civilizational identity embeddedurl
alan dershowitz might represent trump if it goes to trial in the senate. he should be ashamed!! these terrorists hate the very religion beliefs he holds. i hope the jewish community rally against him and telegraph their views in the news world.
if it brings me to my knees it’s a bad religion
sushovitsinha biggboss rubidilaik beingsalmankhan shame on people dragging religion into everything... can't you think outside of religion... this is just a entertainment show.. wat religion has to do with it??? biggboss14 salmankhan rakhisawant rahulvaidya eijazkhan
tinalfletcher skardascott katvnews that and the hatred, using religion as a shield and the bible as a weapon, hypocrisy, lying, bigotry, etc.
drprops erinelmore jilliankettley adamboultonsky thanks. many of us americans wish there was another planet for them to live on. we have many complicated issues here, but blindly following trump and adding religion to the mix doesn’t help.
ndtvfeed ndtv no mention of religion of killer and killed?? just because killed was a hindu??
khanumarfa modi asked accountability & to pay taxes the muslims & christians created riots in india. the real issue here is christianity has 120 nations whose official religion is chrsitianity & islam has 56 countries that follow islam as official religion but cannot tolerate 1 hindu nation
when you're too liberal for conservatives and too conservative for liberals and try to discuss religion and/or politics on twitter dot com: embeddedurl
pilarmarrero and about mixing religion with politics ... couldn't they get any more backward? "those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities" - voltaire
like humanity has technological revolutions when we have diversity in our opinions and religion is a really important component for that. the med ancient world had so many diverse religions far more like a heterogeneous society today
/u/durknite001 posted: what are some positives of organized religion? embeddedurl
rt tonywil62674879: who all believe what karl marx said: religion is the opium of the people? embeddedurl
suzannezeedyk religion or not, if she wants to wear it then leave her be. when did appearance overtake the right to education! what a shambles.
westbengal: tmc mp kalyan banerjee makes controversial remarks, bjp hits back. bringing religion into politics is bjp's job, not tmc's: rijuduttaaitc. bjp's impriyankabjp hits back. indiafirst with gauravcsawant embeddedurl
caustic_kanya anupamkpandey you are much much better than average college girls in every aspect. the way you flaunt religion is something girls should learn from you.
khanumarfa bhushan99093387 going through names of americans of indian origin selected by joe biden president elect as part of his team is honouring their talent who belong to different parts religion cast & gender. at home under ideological pressure are looked down upon & talent available is wasted too.
rt tejumania: some of you sound logical and smart, until religion is involved. and that's me being kind with words.
wish your religion was also against violence and misogyny and racism but seems like being queer is a bigger sin embeddedurl
we’re not all bad we’re not all good, some of us our poor others are rich, some gay some straight, different races and religion, the only thing that makes us all the same is greed!
bashirhashiysf a somalia soldier with a cross neckless?? what ethnicity is that christian religion?? as tigrayan u are right they are ur brothers but ur fake is falling so badly.
christ in you - here is the heart of christianity, which distinguishes it from every other religion in the world. it is not simply some universal spirit of goodness dwelling in humanity that we must strive to realize. nor is it a set of rules and regula... embeddedurl
witness god's teachings as bro. eli soriano gives answers to questions about faith and religion straight from the bible! addbiblicalanswers globalprayerforhumanity embeddedurl
prof3ssor_snip3 yashrajsingh55 harunra75131154 rightwing703 randm_indianguy hinduitcell also supreme court in its ruling has said that your rights are rights till other's right are not hampered. you freedom of expression ends when it affects masses's feeling as they to have the right to practice any religion. but ganvar chale ate hai alni hisan constitution btane..
ashleycackle nycdaddio momtifan protest_nyc well, my daddy always said "don't confuse salvation with religion" because he was a lapsed-baptist alcoholic who felt it didn't matter how you worshipped jesus, so long as you had a personal relationship with the dude. i ended up very much not christian, but may be the take?
breitbartnews both of them first of all should be in prison!! and second, is this a joke. all over abortion. don’t think so. and for pelosi and clinton to talk about religion is the biggest joke from them. they are by far not religious people. maybe to satan but definitely not to god.
plus hahaha wala naman ako dapat ireklamo, pag face-to-face na what i have rn is what i would get after nights of studying and praying sa lahat ng santo ng bawat religion sa buong mundo so kebs na hahahahahahaha embeddedurl
shannygasm elwoodlampblack nor for religion either
3) the religious right is a giant turnoff. like, a *giant* turnoff. i have friends who want nothing to do with organized religion because organized religion to them means pro-lifers screaming outside ppfa and saying climate change is a hoax and humans should subdue the earth.
queen_kiianna dystopiansmile aveguapo4x i brought up the religion because she's also sacrificed a chicken on ig, but this was actually purely for utilitarian purposes
pence never disappoints in how deplorable he is. i may have a glimmer of hope for a nanosecond of decency, but no - his true disgusting nature shows through. he can justify it as religion, righteousness, conscience, or values. it is really greedy concern for his own future. embeddedurl
coll3eng it was “you are the only woman who knows me and pregnable, you are the only man i know that technically has a religion”
beware of self amazement. always have someone to be your check and balance. find a pious companion. (a man is upon the religion of his best friend, so let one of you look at whom he befriends)
instablog9ja the hypocrisy in this world is topnotch, mostly nigeria. using social media alone is already a sin. how can a man of god be using a platform like fb own by l*cifer himself. religion is a tool to enslave the mindset and restrict one's freedom .
in the last 4 years, trump learned how easy the grift was in politics and religion. he is in for the long haul.
rt anyoneintr: a new religion. saint erdoğan :) embeddedurl
httweets kamalaharris kamalaharris but a person of other religion cannot, since you are proud christian right?
kloeffler you are disgraceful the way you pretend to be a person of faith. you can't even speak the words without sounding like a robotic moron senatorloeffler . the person helping you try and fool georgians is as disgusting for using religion to deceive them.
view view4view like like4like share share4share sub sub4sub subscribe subscribe4subscribe are you ready to get married? marriage christain living spouse religion embeddedurl embeddedurl embeddedurl
how are they gonna indoctrinate the kids with religion now? ah rats! embeddedurl
they want it to not seem this way but whether or not their intentions are “pure” this is still wrong. they’re basically saying christianity is the supreme religion at least that’s how i see it idk ima shut up embeddedurl
benn_x1 you do know that her tweet has nothing to do with christianity but with politics. i have often reiterated this that evil people always use religion to push their own personal agenda. trump wasn't truly christianly neither is biden satanic.
goodietownusa lilradishn not that religion is anything other than a poisoned opium for the masses; class antagonism existed before monotheism, let alone christianity, and they all source back to it.
the left-don’t judge an entire a religion based on the radical elements that caused 9/11 and massive destruction also the left-judge, re-educate, shun and deny free speech to 75,000,000 american citizens based on actions of about 200 people of various beliefs.
politikup parlertakes exactly. i was raised in a cultish religion and they're *still* waiting for the armageddon that was due in 1972 because god is mysterious. "have faith."
defending this act by hooligans is like supporting it. don't support on the basis of religion. country & humanity comes first, not religion.
zubymusic the ultimate problem with religion diminishing in importance in our culture is we are naturally inclined to it something will fill always fill that void
gregmannarino i'd have my lawyer look very closely at the freedom of religion right imbedded in our constitution. no employer wants a discrimination lawsuit.
master_inno well i agree with that to some extent, i only wish real atheists will come out and be confident about their beliefs. not an atheists though, but fuck all religion.
khalidbilal999 tarekfatah bilal miya, this is called quoting religion out of frustration .. whn a pakki can wear jeans (check label whr it is made) and can go to hongkong whr eating with those who eat pig (as its normal) then u will not go to so called kufar.. also begging is haram, thn why pak always beg
mattkatz00 this is what stems from hate speech, it branches off and legitimizes in the minds of mental midgets that their brand of hate is ok too. trump may “love” the jewish religion, but his hatred of foreigners and others gives his supporters license to “hear” that hate is ok.
manleyajmanley luciferstweets_ hackit_mr thetweetofgod he must be one of the good ones. i’m very cynical about religion in general, it’s dressed up and used to justify many things, most of them bad.
vasishthbrahmin ha1cy00n ks_notanicegirl doosre religion blasphemy galat lagti hai, toh comedy ko kyun galat se blasphemy samajh rahe ho. if a god is insulted that same god will punish them na.
no one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin, his background or his religion. people must learn to hate and if they can learn to hate they can be taught to love. for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite. nelson mandela
nottydesignss it’s been years since i left that religion but i hate when i smoke and start thinking of all the shit they told me like “omg what if they were right” being raised jw has scarred me for life ugh
"pure religion and undefiled before god and the father is this, to visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep oneself unspotted from the world." james 1:27 how are you doing today?
two viruses; worse than covid political leaders using religion..... religious leaders playing politics muskansekh1 qadirtouhidi qmahi5 _sayema sanjayazadsln rahulgandhi thelallantop nawazuddin_s salmannizami_ rohanrgupta rekhta bbchindi reallyswara bdutt srisri
aww they going together... wait thara.... i can so appreciate type's dad for showing him so well.. i know how hard it is getting accustomed to a culture/religion that's not what you're familiar with... this is so beautiful tharntypess2finale
rock/punk 2020 jeff rosenstock, hmltd, porridge radio, haru nemuri, backxwash, moor jewelry, the strokes, bad religion, rad mobile, etc. embeddedurl
kb8881212 one word for these humans -&gt; maniacs. agar yeh dolphin kisi dharm ko belong karta toh media mein hadkamp mach jata ! religion is more important in this country than the life of any living creature.
perhaps instead of denying forms of racism and xenophobia in medieval texts, germanic medievalists (and german-speaking ones in particular) could learn to talk about how religion & knightly/ courtly culture embody whiteness that internalizes cultural & racial hierarchies. 1/
what’s that religion where them niggas be wearing them kfc buckets on their head with the little graduation tassel?
sweethangerine oh, china state media posted that theyre liberating muslim women from their religion which is to say, colonial empire things
religion has been responsible for so much death and suffering in the world. it shouldn’t still be adding to it at this point. what’s wrong with people? embeddedurl
is economics all in theory and formula form? | our religion of economics is the astrology of astronomy in desperate need of relevance. embeddedurl embeddedurl
we want that bodies back who were innocents, who were killed by indian army, who were killed in the name of religion, who killed by the pharoah of decades we want that bodies back returnthebodies embeddedurl
p_hannam sandylionhorse morrison does not believe in real climate action - he will bluster but do nothing - his religion is against it and so is he.
your religion can't save you. your money can't. your race can't. your preacher can’t. your church can’t. your politics can’t. your country can't. your works can’t. your family can't. you can’t even save you. there ain't but one that can... jesus christ! trust him alone! embeddedurl
breaking: europeanunion break international law and restrict covid-19 vaccines to uk’s northern ireland religion. embeddedurl
d_b_harrison no grace here. just fake religion
franklin_graham your bible tells you. the world needs more freedom from religion, please
arifaajakia religious education before the age of 18 must be banned, be it any religion.
love is when both eat and wine together in one plate and the husband feeds the wife while she does the same . . . love is when the two are united for allaah'sake and they part each other for the same reason . . . true love is only found in the true religion, islaam!!!
akhund_bilal1 damonstengel1 abdulbasit11236 how else do you understand "there will no no prophet after me, but there will be caliphs..." and you wonder why your religion is rejected by the overwhelming majority of the ummah as well as the scholars of islam. it's explicit, there will only be caliphs after the muhammad ﷺ embeddedurl
embeddedurl becoming an atheist made me realize how much religion has poisoned everything(warning long post) via /r/atheism atheism
when you want to change your life and don't know where to start, start with salah islam__religion_of__ethics embeddedurl
stfuridz i wanna join this religion
aig only 6.9% of all wars ever were initiated/began w/religion 89%:politicians, atheist-communism, secular [eg, as in ww1 & ww2] religion not a cause. cultic atheist com. marxist regimes murdered, enslaved... more than religions embeddedurl
reading snigspeak's mission bengal. i recommend this book to everyone who has interest on bengal's politics, history, culture or religion. it has covered the rise of bjp in bengal from every possible aspects & historical background in an unbiased way. embeddedurl
nekoewen bad religion's one of those bands i listened to when i was a teen and coming back to them now is wild because so much of their shit just resonates with me real hard now
the watchtower will also ingrain that their members not seek the help of mental health professionals. their god & bible has all the answers as to why you're anxious, depressed, dissatisfied, a victim of dv, etc. why would you need to look 'outside the religion? embeddedurl
josholuga are there books you want to read but you can’t get? i can get them for you in pdf format at a very affordable price.inspirational,political,law,medical,business, science,engineering,love,religion,history, i will get them for you within minutes.hit my inbox for inqueries
goldtelegraph_ remember how long and bloody it was to remove religion from government. and it is not even fully accomplished. removing money would be even harder.
freedom is nature's impetus to evolve | freedom is much more than an elective one can toss and toy with as part of partisan ideology. instead, freedom is paramount to the... embeddedurl alberteinstein religion science thestateofhumanity
i'm cool w/ your religion as long as you don't inflict it on other people but then i see this shit all i'm saying is it's not a coincidence that brazil got ravaged by covid and that they have the biggest fucking jesus statue embeddedurl
shantanu__soul iqbalajnabee adityamenon22 they have different definition of secularism. they can abuse and make fun of any religion but no one can raise a single question on their religion.
2. it was a theory expounded by copernicus some 70 years before galileo and by aristarchus of samos eighteen centuries before any of them and it had its proponents and the church did nothing about them until galileo came along vehemently proposing science becomes a religion
sunilnadella hariharabhakta ysjagan appolice100 dgpapofficial iam not with any religion u hates other religion all those who dont belong to ur religion are sinners and infidels thats depicted in ur behaviour.we know how u distributed ur pamplets even in tirupati .now time has come u will see harsh fight back.
jim_jordan yes. and so he is. he's not banning a religion from entering the country, not taking children from their parents & shipping them off never to be seen again, not adding $1.5 trillion to the deficit to give $ to millionaires, not opening nat'l parks to drilling.
marcorubio i do believe i quoted james 1:26 to you this morning. ready for it again? if anyone thinks himself to be religious, and yet does not bridle his tongue but deceives his own heart, this man's religion is worthless. ~ james 1:26
bethenny congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion,or prohibiting the free exercise thereof;or abridging the freedom of speech,or of the press;or the right of the people peaceably to assemble,and to petition the government for a redress of grievances. congress!!!
honestly going to college for social studies, history, religion and psychology sounds so interesting like- sign me up
xtinctionsenpai american war of independence, ww2, fighting of the mongols in the 12th century... religion extremist expansion (crusades, jihad) yes... i can agree but at the same times due to war... we have reached this human pax romana... honestly world peace wasn’t as common 100 years ago...
religion religiousfaith theology spiituality rationality reason philosophy morality ethics atheism embeddedurl
chipfranklin i’m not religious, but they don’t understand that jesus commanded his people to “love your neighbor as yourself”. he didn’t stutter, didn’t leave any gray area open to debate, didn’t exclude any class, creed, religion, sexual orientation, gender, or political persuasion.
religion_state haredi newspaper photoshopped masks onto rabbis embeddedurl
reviewing the month of january- history, people, religion, famous moments- in ancient rome! bi-monthly live seminars embeddedurl saverome embeddedurl
rebuilding a relationship with god outside of religion has been such a strenuous and uneasy journey, especially as a queer body. my formative years were built around religion and it took so much from me; being ‘coerced’ into a belief system that perceived you as an abomination.
had a chat with my sis-in-law about religion. she was like "i think all religions have good aspects and are all pointing towards god." i looked at her like embeddedurl
kinda weird how christians drink communion but somebody ein religion mention blood ahhh it be occultism
a few songs which are apt for those excluded from financial support. don't sell me short - bad religion crying - roy orbison money changes everything - cyndi lauper hurt - johnny cash backstabber - kesha don't give up = peter gabriel rishisunak excludeduk
there can be no justification for these atrocities & we strongly deplore the misuse of religion to anti-democratic ends in all of this. we commit ourselves to joining all who are committed to overcoming the undemocratic specters that haunt the present. embeddedurl embeddedurl
religion is the opium of man- karl marx embeddedurl
interracial marriages in m'sia are the type of wholesome content i live for i can only imagine all the setbacks and hurdles they had to face to make this happen. to go against the grain, for a love that transcends beyond race, religion, caste, gender, etc. they deserve it all
we’re desperate at this point. whatever religion you are, whoever you believe in, please make dua or make any sort of prayer for aunty. she needs a miracle. my friends mother is the sweetest woman—she treats me like i’m her daughter. please keep her in your prayers. embeddedurl
lumenlime hdfghdfsj okay valid u rrly saved urself with ur religion and now i will cry seeing someone give me a work or what... maybe this is why god morally assigned me with virginism
i still can’t believe the way imagine dragons carried the mormon religion on their back from 2012 to 2018
nccionline ucni1924 neccwired catholicsindia indo_christian editor_icm anglicannews bereft of ethics religion becomes a monster embeddedurl
judge_smails11 corbydavidson the answer is somewhere in the middle. the electorate have become woefully ignorant of policies and platforms; they vote based on a myriad of reasons that mean nothing. name recognition. outside influences (religion!) unsubstantiated fear. we need another age of enlightenment.
cathyreisenwitz also, politics turned religion is what i see.
advaitatattva akshayapv u40507199hariom atmay_ zaarabint sankrant please hindu women have been subjected to patriarchal values that make them hide their faces. as i said. every religion has its bad and good sides. you can't talk bad about other religions while keeping a blind eye to the one you follow.
religion, psychology share methods for reducing distress, study finds embeddedurl
peterbeinart everyone has (more than) dual loyalty. to family, religion, career, country, themselves, and so on. these are often in conflict, but the person, not the type of loyalty, will determine whether those conflicts are ethically resolved.
hakken is sooooo attractive. i can't anymore they're becoming my religion now
dt25117dawud pencilportrait3 humanity matters most! comes before any religion!
in conclusion, yoruba's needs to think inwardly and never allow religion, political parties and greediness to truncate there unity. o'dua àgbe wà oo
joshtpm bunch of deplorables clinging to their guns and religion... i just made that up.
roisiningle you are complicit in the modern misogynist religion seeking to oppress women, you are "the irish state" in this situation, colluding with misogyny thinly veiled as "trans-activism", complicit in the silencing& erasure of women, even referring to survivors as "people with vaginas" embeddedurl
“we as muslims have to stand up to those who use islam to advance their own personal agenda..they have alienated many from learning about islam. true muslims know or should know that it goes against our religion to try and force islam on anybody.” muhammad ali
callmefahd swati_gs 1. freedom of expression does not mean chopping off someone's head. 2. if you find something offensive you should take legal recourse, not blow up the place. 3. in france, the people involved were writing about their own religion too. 4. india is not france.
harshmadhusudan i think when people are saying that those eat beef are not hindu, doesn't necessarily means that they should stop writing hindus while filling govt forms where govt ask religion. jaat baahar suna hai, hindu dharma se bahar hona nahi suna until some one converts.
gngxbelkis even if lgbtq+ isn't really supported by my religion but my religion definitely says we should respect everyone and not mistreat or disrespect anyone no matter what their beliefs are ♡
rightwingwatch anyone over the age of six who still has an imaginary friend, is in need of serious psychiatric treatment. religion is a serious form of schizophrenia, and is clearly indicated by a lack of insight into their illness.
cadmad4289 daddyfiles jennaellisesq every properly educated doctor not misguided by religion would say abortion is healthcare. so to say it is not is by definition uneducated and ignorant.
unchanged, i'm the leader with access to abundance because girls are disabling men's creativity until everyone is enlightened. failed religion capitalism, it's not to work around others, just specifically me, tiny future. do girls live forevereva? point of no return power or fi..
rt vipul46992021: spouse savitribai children rayaba father kaloji mother parvatibai religion hinduism 1 year of historic tanhaji
briannajourdan i disagree .. just because i don’t necessarily believe in the current concepts of religion doesn’t mean i don’t believe in god .. they’re 2 different things
robfai pedophile religion.defintely a no.
no religion has any distinction between their followers, then why in hinduism there are 4 catagories of sects.
lonestarmomcom cachobweeney texhellcat mickdamario sarahlarchmont ninigirl84 txsleuthusa jodikyman winttocs hockeyfangirl12 katz_mum txsguy09 roseserao regan0002112 jaybeestewee marilyncapps byron york and rich lowry sure took their dam time getting religion.
_whybelieve yes. this is the only form of prayer that they know of. when i’ve challenged them that jesus’ prayer went unanswered and that wouldn’t that suggest that there’s more to prayer i was then told, no, because your religion is nonsense.
amoobrasil we used to invite all the missionaries for dinner when they knocked on our door. they could talk about anything under the sun, except their religion. my friends know better than to try, but they also have me at the top of their volunteer list. life goes on.
asli_shufooqi embeddedurl take your religion from those who are firm upon tawheed & firm upon sunnah. do not just lend your ears to anyone. safety is with following the salaf!
proof that the so called "religion of peace" is nothing of the sort it's evil christ never preached such things embeddedurl
jaybruinsma wr_record nah, you don't get to violate the law by labeling your behavior religion. actually, peer-reviewed studies suggest the effectiveness of a broad spectrum of virus control measures. here's just one. embeddedurl
rt im_spine: // homophobia , religion
dbashideas "it is no more possible to think about religion without sin than it is to think about a garden without dirt."
tana mongeau is my religion
kochattil ministerktr wehubhyderabad ihubgujarat yes kochattil hyderabad is definitely not gujarat , bcos in telangana state we don't slaughter thousands of people in the name of religion. you need to take medication for ur amnesia and dementia asap
movement of religion by matiostv embeddedurl
abhina_prakash exactly. whenever muslim politicians and celebrities blame rw i start laughing. their religion is the most rw that is ever possible!
if only such religious people would be pained to see the sufferings of the poor and the ones who are killed in the name of religion, and how people are brainwashed by religious and political leaders for political benefits, the world would have been a better place.
ormas cinta damai they said... pfft... all i see is just another cult, worshipping a kind of "new prophet" while hiding in a mask of "religion" stupid embeddedurl
montlakeman ripleydrifter brijswijk valjohn101 goodbye_jesus i'm anti-religion. unlike the common response, that does include the "personal relationship" with the imaginary being from the bible. and, after 5 years on here, i'm still waiting for anyone to explain what this "relationship" entails.
you take freedom away from a country that is made up of every country, which we welcomed legally with open arms, they fake an election, take away free speech, and religion the very freedoms they came to a country who welcomed them with open arms now it screams invade us, nope
freelandco5 america, forcing someone else’s religion onto it’s citizens since 1776. “freedom of religion” as long as you pick christianity.
mannamrit africans talking about christianity and islam but cannot think about what was their religion before the europeans and arabians invaded africa i dont know why africans like defending what is not their own to the extent of killing each other for it please lets get back to our root
paulembery well said, sick to death of middle class woke preaching and identity politics...what matters is..are you decent person..thats it..couldnt give stuff what colour you are, sex, sexuslity, religion..zzzzz
atheist god religion bible faith church atheism noreligion religionfree antireligion freedomfromreligion goodwithoutgod nogod godless heathen nonbeliever skeptic secular humanist freethinker think logic reason boldatheism sin embeddedurl embeddedurl
“every man lives in two realms: the internal and the external. the internal is that realm of spiritual ends expressed in art, literature, morals, and religion. the external is that complex of devices, techniques, mechanisms, and instrumentalities by means of which we live.” -mlk
laurenboebert see here! why do all tyrants use god and religion for power! when nowhere in the bible does it say christians should use jesus’ name to grab power! it’s quite sickening and blasphemous! embeddedurl
reweet this listen to summer w. by ftp religion on soundcloud embeddedurl
how can mamataofficial control people sentiments and emotional. how come jaishriram is insult to secular leader n to india n govt program. tmc has always defame hindu's religion by blocking durga puja n not telecasting rammandir bhumi pujan. jaishriram is way of greeting embeddedurl
rt mewwithgulf: ep 11 3/4 20:52 is my new religion embeddedurl
bruh i remember being an edgy af 13 yr old atheist kid who goes into every atheism vs theism youtube video and argue the shit outta the believers lmaoooo now i respect every religion tho
kielgillard swipewright physical husk that does not reflect our "real selves," that is easily manipulated, mutilated, artificially altered to reflect some imagined "ideal." it is an anti-material ideology based entirely on feelings. and that's actually fine with me since i'm not anti-religion.
it is the motive of present power center to put in mind of all the majority religion people that sikhs are just 2%, a small community. but remember, sikhs didn't joined india as a community. but were fully recognized as equal partner in the freedom of india by the british govt.
marcorubio “if any man among you seem to be religious, and bridleth not his tongue, but deceiveth his own heart, this man's religion is vain.” james 1:26
kuchnahipata nehils04 lifemathmoney what follows from it is dangerous though. are we willing to accept that once it's purpose is served, it should die. we were dependent on slaves, we moved ahead. we were dependent on fossil fuels, we are moving ahead. what if religion is also just a necessary but temporary step?
mohan bhagwat said- gandhi had said that my patriotism originates from my religion, owaisi asked- how do you think about godse? embeddedurl
leftists be like: only our type of democracy only our type of activism only our type of dissent only our type of foe only our type of feminism only our type of religion, caste minorities, marginalized and they're self proclaimed progressive, liberal, secular, broad minded ppl embeddedurl
rt maryfranervin: lots of money & power involved in religion. also lots of hypocrisy and abuse of children
saharareporters nigeriagov if truly islam is a religion of peace as claimed by many muslims, then this cleric is a total disgrace to all the nigerian muslims and islam.he has eyes but cannot see. he wants to kick his foot against the rock of ages.
streetcreditor 2closetocall wait you actually think religion is like race?
mansoortshams yes, we have freedom of religion in this country, but you can't serve in government if you're muslim. oh. my.buddha.
donald trump used religion to deny trans people access to homeless shelters and allow doctors to refuse treatment to people on their gender identity or hiv status. joe biden's inaugural prayer service included a mention of "gay, straight, and trans" people as "created by god." embeddedurl
the party which does not know how to respect the people of the country irrespective of race, religion, caste, those who do not know how to hoist the national flag of the country, bjp4india will insult the national anthem of the country. bjpinsultsnationalanthem embeddedurl
religion is way too powerful.
generally, religion and economic growth/development are mutually exclusive. embeddedurl
there has been more harm done in this world in the name of religion that for any other single reason. embeddedurl
stop using fear and manipulation for your religion challenge
"do what makes you happy, there are no standards in life except those set by religion and culture" in y'all's mind you've said something that will make the world better. are all the evil people in this world doing things that'll make them angry? embeddedurl
mtgreenee “congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion.” you’re in congress, right? keep your religion to yourself.
55 twin or triplet babies were aborted in uk last year because parents only wanted one child embeddedurl abortion, christianity, cultural issues, life, embeddedurl right to life uk, news, politics, religion, social issues embeddedurl
spanx_by_obj kingceph27 no1isthevillain fantasylabsnba shamscharania what religion says you can’t bake a cake for gay people
nwezeorji lawalola_ ifekiisha most of the time christians don't even know anything about their religion, so tell me what do we argue about. and about preaching, islam is too broad for muslims to stop learning about their religion and focus on other religions.
so many things that people say against religion etc. come on. let it go. allah gave us akal. take what’s good don’t take what’s bad. there so many good people in the world. we are all allah’s creations. now u go back to your life that i don’t quite care about & i take care of me
rt abuzardar2k19: thanks to allah almighty for everything prayer islam__religion_of__ethics embeddedurl
schrondigercat9 shekhargupta shankerarnimesh bjp4india do u really believe that, humans are really powerful enough to protect the almighty, who created us & the universe ! there should be one religion in the world that is "humanism". there must be rule of law everywhere to erase the inequality.
my heart just breaks for him and his family not able to follow the rules if his religion for grieving and having his daughter in the gallery the day of the insurrection embeddedurl
359isa want socialism, no free speech, stole election , thugs who beat people for opposing views, want to take away your guns to disarm populace, anti religion, hate jews, hate gays, hate blacks,
therealskiba stevenwhunter weirwoood douthatnyt since u are going there... how do you get through life believing in fairy tales? more importantly, how do you not accept that not everyone believes in the same fairy tales you do. therefore the laws/policies of the land have to be neutral and above religion.
correct as usual george basically no guns, no religion, no free speech and blame someone else for all your problems. for them the jews for dems whites. embeddedurl
does one limit his/her political opinions cause of her said "religion"? does that took away your salvation?
indica salaam means peace in arabic. it is not a word tied to religion, but to a language. hence, anyone can use it. assalamu alaikum means peace be upon you. tied to language but identified with religion in parts other than the arab world. in the arab world, anyone uses the greeting.
renoomokri profzulum we have to wake up from long sleeping and realize we are all the same and keep religion aside and move forward
kayleighmcenany oh, so now you’ve found religion after selling your soul to the devil? embeddedurl
disembe fibianlukalo lusikem meanwhile, i can get you books in pdf format at a very cheap price. personal development books, religion, finance, law, medical, love novels, history etc i will get them for you within minutes. for inquiries and purchase, please dm
"trust the science" is ironically the most anti-science statement one can make. science is never settled, because once it is, it ceases being science and becomes belief; another religion.
dollymad1812 1975mamacita glennkirschner2 he was also freemason. they were secretive because religion had a monopoly on preaching virtue. the church didn't want to give up their power. it was profitable and used to brainwash their sheep as they cherry picked scripture. science deniers. religious wars. witch burnings..
christian extremism at play. you are in a muslim man’s space (his car), he didn’t ask you about your sky daddy, he was non-responsive, he has to be polite to get a good rating and you’re forcing your religion on him because you believe that it is superior to others. no ma’am. embeddedurl
or less one pay tax if ebuka think selling of alcohol is best for him nobody should distro his business all in the name of religion. again a change of mind set is needed here. what are my talking. most fulanis still have the mind set of usman_danfodia.
pscommentator legalobserver1 bluelakesmc1 dancrenshawtx actually it doesnt since christian's are supposed to not judge and are supposed to follow the laws of the land. but you just use religion as a tool of control, and not actually read the book.
rt ugwunnaejikem: cristiano ronaldo is a religion... the a) in my pinned tweet is not a joke.
religion has been responsible for more death than all wars, pandemics, and accidents - in the entire history of humanity. embeddedurl
new religion embeddedurl
nytimes like murdering unborn babies, transgenderism and homosexuality? like lying and plagiarizing others? or is it the wars and murdering civilians? who wrote this useless, comical bile? you’re a communist paper who hired ezra klein. you hate religion - unless it’s a godless liberal.
america, despite msm lies & big tech social media censorship, americans still has the constitutional right to freedom of religion & speech i choose to use it this way: i stand with mike lindell! i stand with president trump donald j. trump i stand for my savior, jesus christ!!
larissathorne2 wotansravens catgraffam mattbracket benkoppelman outdated science has become as dogmatic as religion.
kazim15121472 rahulgandhi yes arnab is 100% true hindu in terms of his religion and habits but rahul gandhi is fake
shreyan19500973 aniketp77006115 narendramodi shantanu_kp007 myogiadityanath shalabhmani jsaideepak vhpdigital kashmiripandit7 bjp4india amitshahoffice hmoindia amitshah india me jo bhi one-religion theory me aur jo government kisi ek religion ko gira ke durse ko upar uthane me believe hai wo sab anti-constitutuonal hai, constitution hume secularity deta hai, india is built in sole of secularism, jo anti-constitutuonal hai wo hi anti-national hai
landminx ohh for that you'll have to accept christianity as the one true religion and jesus christ as the one true god who'll decide our fate and future
singapore: allegedly a secular society christian and muslim groups: i know they don't affect our existence in any way and we shouldn't have a say in this, but we hate gays buddhist, the largest religion in singapore, groups: wat singapore: seems legit
across america, the only people who wear turbans are followers of the sikh religion. sikhs are from northern india (punjab) and are neither hindus nor muslims. legacy_leavers_ oppression_on_sikhs embeddedurl
bluebowerbird we certainly need to teach and model respect for others regardless of the color of skin, gender and religion. as an elementary counselor, there were things that seemed to spark violence on the playground (exposure to violence in the home, on tv & video games, horror shows &wwe 3)
rutgersu people are becoming aware of the biased faculty you hire. whitesplaining of indian (brown) history & christian views & malicious interpretations of hindu religion by the your faculty (audrey truschke) is evident. racism of this sort is no more subtle nor acceptable. embeddedurl
simplyanmol i have a very different opinion, i believe that.. before pointing fingers at others we should point out our own mistakes. so, starting from self, family & friends, own religion, own state/country.. talk about them first, put things in order.. before talking about others.
embeddedurl true religion men jeans size 33x34 slim $196 true embeddedurl
i don’t think i have a religion anymore, and that feels right for me.
fakhuushashim 1)i think to be more precise nigerian elites routinely use their group (be it region, tribe or religion) to mobilise supporters & divert the narrative from their failings. take the agitation for igbo presidency, it revolves around the "its our turn"/ "marginalisation" narrative
rt indianbackdrop: follow your religion but respect other religion. embeddedurl
pakistan was made in the name of islam n islam advocates freedom.everybody can practice its religion here.i strongly condemn this act of extremism. saynotoextremism
don’t engage in conversation about politics or religion unless u deadass tryna lose a friend
juju2bigdog and what disturbs me now is the number of “christians” who are still rolling around, having seen this go down, afraid that the democratic party is going to force religion to go away and take their hunting rifles. i wish i were exaggerating. i’m not.
rt missdoctormaam: i wholeheartedly understand how people lead others away from “religion” with their actions.
legalaidnyc capitolrioters congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech,or of the press;or the right of the people peaceably 2 assemble,& 2 petition the government 4 grievances.
they all know what the 20th century revolution cost! don’t know if russia could possibly have the stomach to do it again! murder, starvation, cheating, lying, stealing, mutilation, rape, slavery, loss of religion, loss of everything! can russians trust anyone? embeddedurl
michael_marzett storm_3113 snitchery religions deserve to be respected. respect those people who have those beliefs. and obviously flat earth is not a religion and it has been proved false that the earth is flat but okay michael
puygers soureh_design secpompeo i have a request for you to read the holy bible. i do not want to question your religion. in our religion, all divine religions are respected.
tbt to our time at the ise grand shrine, which is the stunning spiritual home of the shinto religion in mie, japan. embeddedurl embeddedurl
majellamcp prisonplanet seperation of church and state doesn't mean a seperation of morality and state. also, the constitution only gives the right for free practice of any faith, not allowing the prohibition of it, and the prohibition of establishing a state religion.
susanthibodaux unconscionable. but you won't hear a peep of protest from the trumpvangelical religious freedom caucus against this persecution of warnock for practicing his faith. the only religion they think should be allowed to be practiced is their own hypocritical trumpvangelicalism.
clintstevenstv my religion is justice and you will be crucified
every time i watch supernatural and i post about it i think.. do people think i'm like a satanist my beliefs are very wide spread, i suppose i believe more spiritually than there is a god. i don't mind what religion you practice, just know i'm not a satanist.
constitutionofthesupremegod man should not be divided into religion and fight. caste is all a lie, don't get confused. jagdish is not a caste, what is the interest of auran embeddedurl
rbangrycommie davidastinwalsh faineg i'm honestly not sure how one can square "ending imperialism" in particular with a call for the american left to go harder on modern american civic religion!
gramma_holly maggie_nickson buddhism is more philosophy than religion. they have no gods. hinduism is barbaric and oppressive. as is islam, as is christianity. indigenous religion isn't really religion because it isn't forced.
which kind religion be that? political religion? embeddedurl
thisissaani atulamist7 thevirdas 1/2 that’s a lot of tweets but let me try and explain. you can’t make fun of religion anywhere in the world (not only india ) and get away. the paris attacks are a grim reminder of the violence it can create among radicals.
rt chris_meloni: amen there is no greater grift than tax free religion embeddedurl
marcorubio millions of americans had doubts precisely because you and other seditionists in positions of power and responsibility sowed and actively nurtured those doubts. your tweet forces people back to their respective corners. go find another religion traitor. embeddedurl
also from the wonderful world of religion...embeddedurl embeddedurl
mtgreenee “imagine there’s no countries, it isn’t hard to do. nothing to kill or die for, and no religion too. imagine all the people living life in peace.”
fir registered against makers of webseries tandav at hazratganj police station in lucknow for allegedly promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion. several other similar sections also added. theprintindia theprinthindi embeddedurl
they cannot dare to comment on any other religion but yes hindus are always on their target.they never stopped, they won't even think.... hinduphobic bollywood. time to voice & resist against their agenda. tandavban tandavwebseries embeddedurl
very young. pushed me a way from religion all together. embeddedurl
call_me_lexxi iaintevenhere36 idream_inpiano _omnificent_ the religion is not adapted from it. these pagan religions you speak of is spoken about in the old testament. festivals are not the basis for christianity so they mean nothing, literally.
religion is a sexist conspiracy. embeddedurl
animal rights come before religion
love is pristine. love is absolute. love is the only religion worth practising. the opportunity to live, is one for expressing love judiciously, for growth, unity and redemption to transpire. love expressed becomes faith, manifest. and if there is faith, hope endures~isaac samuel embeddedurl
rt mmiliugo: the north making mockery of the islamic religion. shame
repmullin it’s just another way to woke our religion, to break it down. pathetic.
thetweetofgod let there be the spirit. cancel every other religion. about time.
peacelovingdearestpak pakistan, since its creation in 1947, has been debating with its identity. the state claimed to be a nation state, basing its identity on religion. caphawa teamkaptaan_ embeddedurl
m7md_mus6afa theesarao sarah, you did not understand anything about this issue because this represents the muslim womanhood and the muslim men who are jealous of their religion. you are a follower of the heretic and heretic readership, and you taste divine insult, god willing
colossusrhodes_ + the lore you’ve created, the ingvarri culture, the entire language you made up, the religion you developed, the entire brand new characters you invented that fit so seamlessly into the story that i regularly forget they aren’t in the show ,, it’s absolutely mind blowing thank u
. pastormark speaks on "pray like jesus" embeddedurl faith religion embeddedurl
tapanchaudhary_ adithyaadiii aabhas24 christianity did not become the state religion until 50 years after nicaea. nobody ever decided what should be in the bible.
you need to understand that going to your place of worship is tolerated, but forcing it on others is not. if people want to know about your religion, trust me they know where to go. embeddedurl
“ well yeah i’m an atheist . researching religion and stuff takes too much time . “ not only are they dumb , they’re lazy too ! embeddedurl
37. there are prayers and duas in every religion, everyone has a way towards reaching their god. we should respect that, but nowhere is abuse and imprecations considered ibadah and worship and even a virtuous deed except the twelve shiite creed. arrestrazahaiderrizvi295a_298a
mt bur-omisace: obviouly there's a religion, there's been a religion this whole time! look how good they are! there's even a pope you guys!
brianstelter they're afraid of either lies, "soshulizm!" or things that are and should happen...equalization of power and privilege for bipoc, lgbtqs, women, all and no religion. re: the first, you lied to them. re: the second, t. f. b.
what is your religion? me: embeddedurl
in which religion this happens? answer please? embeddedurl
sniqs_ nigga wants to use religion to secure the bag
ndindinyoro are there books you want to read but you can’t get? i can get them for you in pdf format at a very affordable price.political,law,medical,business, science,engineering,novels,religion,history, i will get them for you within minutes.hit my inbox for inqueries
maddow smoulden all in the name of religion, boy these christians looked great
gettheleadoutca rubberduckcanuk mrmubinshaikh arccollective i know maga here & their primary issue isn’t $, it’s that they’ve been brainwashed starting back in the 90’s. repub party tied politics to religion, played into a fear narrative & won their blind faith. yes some are poor but there are lots of poor who aren’t maga too.
jrpsaki jen psucky is ignorant to the truths of religion, culture, and the real world. she is so jv compared to kayleighmcenany presssec45 and the likes of seanspicer embeddedurl & sarahhuckabee shsanders45 . is the idiot still in junior high? has big crush embeddedurl
sadhgurujv pmoindia cmotamilnadu rajinikanth indian constitution mandates that no discrimination would be done on the grounds of religion. but there is discrimination when it comes to controlling religious institutions. this demand to free temples from government is almost 7 decades old. better late than never.
this virus does not see or care about nationality, borders, or religion — its devastating impact is everywhere. the netanyahu administration has a moral and humanitarian obligation to ensure that both israelis & palestinians have access to vaccines. embeddedurl
celticanarchy espikvlt new atheists were as big a mistake as they claim religion is.
honeputu justinsmithword dizziesaxchick religious? how has that got anything to do with her qualifications to receive this? there is freedom of religion in this country yes? well her moral convictions allows her to speak freely on issues she finds contradictory to them. muslims do the same yet no outcry
my prayers are with the 11 miners who were killed by savage terrorists who doesn't belong to any religion or sect in mach,balochistan. it is inhumane cowardly attack on our hazara shia brothers. rest in peace brothers allah magfirat farmaein mach hazarakillings hazarakillings
he's established the flag. now it's family. he did royalty earlier (and he's a 'sir'...). he's done law and order by cracking down on working class people and protestors when he was dpp. he's still got to go big on religion to make up the pentagram of conservatism. embeddedurl
hanumavihari supriyobabul babblu bhaiyya, you absolutely have the rights to comment on cricket since it is a democracy, although you come out as a moron since hanuma saved the test match while injured. but do we have the right to jail you for hurting religious sentiments since cricket is our religion?
thewritejennyg ahmadalgohbary mehdirhasan first of all, religion is not a race. second, was it a cruel embarrassment under obama?
ibringbalance raistlinmagus i don't care what religion someone is - as long as they don't mix their religious ceremonies with the operations of the government.
landrights4all the1770impact nobby15 oh yes. the two pronged approach of religion and sport. tools to control the masses.
blissbombphilo1 chill with paula white, with some help from ex-fox news reporter kimberly "making the case" guilfoyle followed by some 8-bit pixel art graphics of bowser jr. ihearthesoundofvictory maga2020 musicvideo relax ridiculous crazy religion christian embeddedurl
farmersprotests are not about sikhs, or sikhism! it has never been about any religion, but farmers and farmers alone. by hoisting nishan sahib, those men have let others to give it a religious angle. it shouldn't have happened.
wiseqna16 the bible compares a rich man entering heaven to a camel going through the eye of a needle. does this mean the rich are evil? check the wiseanswer bible wisequestion shincheonjichurch god religion spirit heaven belief rich embeddedurl
although the people of iran are suffering suppression, torture, disease and poverty, they have vanguards who are working round-the-clock to establish freedom, equality, social justice, people’s sovereignty & the freedom of choice for all iranians from every creed and religion. embeddedurl
greatestguru_intheworld there is evidence in the holy scriptures of the holy vedas and gita ji that whenever there is loss of religion and increase of cmohry unrighteousness, then god himself comes or sends his supreme saint i.e. the true satguru to the knowledge of truth. embeddedurl
allah_isnot_formless lives in satlok. according to islam religion and belief- who is allah ?saintrampaljim must watch sadhna tv 7:30pm embeddedurl
plmanseau good grief. that book says the problem is religion using violence and allying itself with state power.
neecytheartist nanblack9 hwinkler4real it works both ways. the state has to keep out of my religion too. trump actually had to create a federal office to protect the religious freedoms of healthcare providers against people like obama/biden.
banxk2 honey_c17 according to my culture, ethics and religion you marry both, there is no way, i'll marry a mpetsheni son without loving the mpetsheni's. like i cant carry a surname of people i dont love or see myself attached too. your first question, what is it based on again?
kyo aap muslim se hindu ho gaye ho kya? mubarak ho. welcome to our religion. embeddedurl
ablacktweeter sassycrass an evangelical one. this stuff is a key part of the "immanentize the eschaton" schtick that's pretty key to the dogma. anyone saying this isn't a "real christian" is missing the point, because whether or not it's "christian" doesn't change the fact that it's a real religion
realffk in nigeria we people don't value what we have as a nation political option leaders and citizens we may lose nigeria if we refuse to see ourselves as one people in religion and in tribes, our differences should not divide us as a people.
ok homies does eceryone have religion class bcs its not in my wilma and honestly as long as its not there i wont be attending
rt heideggerfan: spockresists we must get religion out of politics and politics out of religion. that’s where we need the damn wall.
switzerland's catholic church joins other religious groups in opposing a proposed ban on muslim head coverings, arguing it would "disproportionately" restrict religious freedom. read embeddedurl church religion
unreal if it was lgbtq+, poc, any other religion other than christians there would be so much more aggression towards "protestor" ... and iam a european white male, the most fucking privileged human to exist, i know how lucky iam but this is fucking disgusting embeddedurl
okay, seriously, we've got some establishment of religion shit going on here in the 1776report: "and when families pray together, they acknowledge together the providence of the almighty god who gave them their sacred liberty." just...fuck you, everyone who wrote this hogwash.
well done acl & the hundreds of church leaders for taking a stand against the most oppressive bill to ever come before an australian parliament. we said in 2017 that there would be consequences to freedom of speech, religion & the truth about gender if we de-gendered marriage. embeddedurl
icaroboutalot i’m so tired of people using religion as a pass to be total jerks. it should be grounds for dismissal from med school. no patient should have to be treated that way.
think tank 18-01-2021, if you are literate then, important word in your life is vaccination, if you are illiterate then it's religion. think 100 times before comment.
fatimabsyed i'm not muslim ,not canadian either. i do have love in heart for all people and religion's. it's time to put an end to all hatred and bigotry. not just in canada the whole world needs to love their neighbors. i pray for healing,i pray for love. may god bless and be with you all
honey_c17 yes. i have done all 3 i married out of my race, religion and culture. at the end of the day we love each other and we are a happy household 2 kids and 7yrs later
blingcakes i mean every great pre columbian civilization we know of were all oriented about a shared religion. ottoman and roman empires became more tolerant as they aged but they were founded in religion and built in the image of said religions.
i think it’s even crazier when people use religion to justify their support for him. what?!?!?! i’m sorry but if you think he’s a “good christian” then my absolute hatred for organized religion is valid and i don’t wanna ever hear shit about it embeddedurl
millions post billgates postoftheday latepost instagram popular famous famouspeople messiah savior heaven peace earth universe india world shiva mahadev mantra krishna hindu hinduism khuda budha religion humanity saintrampalji godkabir embeddedurl
me: i really really dislike organized religion my wardrobe: embeddedurl
chetanabb_fan this tweet of urs is absolutely disgusting. when salman supports rubina u think “wow he’s being so fair and salman is always right” but if he supports someone else u bring in biasedness and religion accusations. this is absolutely disgusting... no eijaz no bb14
[download] epub when atheism becomes religion: america's new fundamentalists -&gt; embeddedurl
rameshg1509 asharamjibapu_ conversion of hindus into other religions is not just religion change but this is an attack on our culture, our roots, our strength. this is an attack to finish popularity of our vedas, upanishads. conversion_thesilentkiller embeddedurl
paulconservativ fdctamu forbespaula hudsonsquawk belinhapoodlebr belloemc azmetais80 luizcl_souza halosuccess djtgoat forgature bigtuna6 rubensridigued rodrigo92396706 gil26_n klapperchas2 virtualbrasil1 valbergomes38 jliocsa75049779 shabeau2 sassyinfidel imthemommy6 slowpoketales scommandante quebec99335648 takebackusa2 karoljeanne11 romesburgjeremy pam_sands mystormee cyberwalkers red_in_pa roseandkim twistedone96 real_azkyle randal68052371 and i have all religions under one caus under one olive branch all with the same caus regardless of what religious leader say, the book of existence will drive them the root of all religion
my country is the world, and my religion is to do good. -thomas paine tq travelquotes
likes and rts k liye kisi ko anti(national) kehdena has become the new normal. this is extremely shameful or koi b banda ho kisi b fandom se country or religion ko drag nahi karna chahiye aapsi khundass me. and coming from a fc with more than 25k followers is very sad. asimsquad embeddedurl
rickrichy2 aishayesufu did the religion say you force it on all people? if you force covering in kano and south say no covering to all female, how do u think it will end? that was aisha's point
pikachu_peeka munawar0018 i wish you would have screamed with the same intensity when someone was killed for cracking a joke on so called peaceful religion pls share your tweet and i shall apologize for my tweet else you are just another pseudo- secular also, take charge of your words. they are too bad
we greencard lottery winners(2017-2020) were selected and invited by u.s gov, but all refused just because of our nationality ( yemen) & religion... it's unfair & against human right please give another chance muslimban joebiden kamalaharris embeddedurl embeddedurl
maxxinegame not by siding with people who want to exterminate those of a certain religion or ethnicity. that's not liberty.
sroit ellefsenrachial then they should pick other symbols. that's the beauty about appropriating a dead religion.
do it through someone else damn i’m working here building business religion don’t mix with business for me
narcissistvibes cnt, bcz for so many, religion is important.
officiallysane_ bollywoodgandu same is also applicable for hindus for not able to rent in other religion dominated locality . why are we talking about challenges of one religion only
siblingsofilm this kind of debate can occur only when both parties who are debating are in doubt regarding the matter being debated, and it is not permissible to doubt the fundamentals of the religion.
1thessch5 i genuinely suggest studying hinduism, it is much much much older than christianity, and if you study it you will see where the catholic church got most of its ideas for altering the religion. because hinduism is way older, and features 90% of biblical stories/concepts.
effective criminaljustice systems needed to counter crimes motivated by intolerance or discrimination of any kind which include: race, colour, religion, ethnicity, national origin, sexual identity, gender identity, gender & disability. stop hatecrime! embeddedurl
dad_kapital shoodthedude btcgod_king yolowen mkraju elections are frequent and they are free and fair. freedom of speech, press and freedom of religion is more evident and celebrated that any other country. there is a strong separation between military command and civil authority and no formal hereditary positions of state.
congratulations to leataragin newnham_college reprosoc and dr emma harris who will be speaking as part of this weekend's seminars for natreupdate about our upcoming online course gender and religion today learn more about the course here: embeddedurl embeddedurl
dropacopy sukoyapiss yes in your religion....not mine lmao
capnbrigantia what makes it worse is that its actually tied to a religion for all this stuff
rt chistesebaceo: bat religion embeddedurl
rt privatefigure_: wtf! this religion really did condone slavery! embeddedurl
it’s 2021 and the governments of canada have decided that our charter rights of freedom of association, mobility and religion are no longer valid, indefinitely. the ostensible reason is a pandemic that has created no measurable excess mortality in canada. wake up.
we wish all relbib users and our followers a happy new year! even in times of home office and closed libraries, relbib offers you worldwide access to about 29,000 openaccess titles relevant to the study of religion: embeddedurl stayhealthy embeddedurl
needtou5 pritishnandy ok that means lynching on the name of religion is correct.
rt stoathen: synthwolf_ welcome to our religion
the bill – which bans a comprehensive list of discriminatory acts based on race, ethnicity, and religion – only needs to be passed on 3rd reading to get its final nod from the house. embeddedurl
mtgreenee until you work with abortion-minded individuals you have zero credibility. this is a complicated matter that religion and faith are only for those who invite it. freedomofreligion
rt umaima010: always stand for humanity, no matter which religion or cast they belong. fapstandwithhazara embeddedurl
marinamaral2 so tight you can tell his religion!!!
_sumitdhiman2 jerry64992245 sikh_from_delhi amaanbali rmcpost sir he is rss person no need to give him any explanation he just want to divide nation on basis of religion he can't see unity of all religion
“religion is a tankie failure...” embeddedurl
itseuriale in my religionwtf thats weird
carls_musings winteroakpress yes it's like a religion, years ago had a colleague at work who was a bible basher, he attended church every sunday, he told me i would end up in hell because i didn't attend. totally brainwashed!!
timmy15533325 realdonaldtrump equal rights for all! freedoms for all! transparency, small government! love thy neighbor! no bias on race, religion, sexual preference- let people love and get along no matter what the differences are!
hsmall garybelfast1888 eilisohanion republicans have never been liberals. ironically 'liberal progressivism' is itself a new religion. it's got the dogma, the rituals, the heresy, the holier than thous, the martyrs and yes, the stupidity which is self-evident to everyone who's not a true believer.
sanchitkumar2 bsdk why did u stand with france when muslims protested ,suddenly apna religion yaad aagaya
pakistan court sentences three to death for blasphemy | religion news | al jazeera embeddedurl
docolumide crypto-religion ... balajis are you a christian? cos as we say in omo x 1,000,000,000,000,000.00
sabie_21 harsha_444 bhatia_niraj23 anupampkher well.. 99% of the media is controlled now by this govt..and u think that 1% lw media can still influence? i know its very difficult for many ppl to see the damage that is being done in name of religion.. probably after few more years some sense will prevail.
vijyant87235708 pakistan that is true pakistani version of so called islamic tekhdars is flexible when it benefits them. they will use example of muhammad to justify there sin. what a shame islam followers showing disrespect to there own religion.
mubarakgold1 adebajoemmanu11 bhellagrace penuelchuks_ bro there’s no denying the fact that sadly we were enslaved with the idea of religion. but today that which should be a curse has turn to be the greatest gift white has ever given a black man. with god we’re limitless & unstoppable.
gotta say, it’s pretty hilarious that the guy who tried to ban refugees and an entire religion from this country is now banned from pretty much everywhere. embeddedurl
this hog gop congressman just called climate change a religion. jfc they're so painfully stupid.
i seen good christians make rash decisions, oh she do it.. what happen religion... oh she looossseee it.
i will not chase you away if you offer me a new religion. however it is disrespectful if you get offended that i didn't accept your offer. christian
ncrbhq hmoindia amitshah please release religion wise crime statistics. it is high time. embeddedurl
i don't want to be programmed by religion. i want to walk to god even when i'm naked and talk to him. i believe in the one true god. - blakk rasta showbizatoz
cocainaaaa they dont know we have our own religion?
this love jihad law has caused serious burn to the liberals. when finally the ones who cheat girls by faking their religion only to force them to change theirs later, are getting punished, the meltdown of some people explains why they've always been refusing this concept
humaidi65 wonderofscience i honestly have yet to figure out proof of god existed. everytime i ask questions i have more. n everyone's religion i just have more questions. so i'm guessing we have alot of gods?
tarunatak sant shri asharamji bapu has helped the poor converted hindus to come back to their religion and this made the christian missionaries hatch a conspiracy against him. conversion_thesilentkiller embeddedurl
redbull1758 dr_musgrave not so widespread as the religion of chucklefuckery that you have devoted your soul to. mouth breathers and their thinly obfuscated recalcitrance. if you and the good doctor weren't spreading memes and had joined the light side we would be out of this.
the impostor groups will be thrown out, cast in the darkness and into the eternal flame. formal religion will not avail anybody.
after i open my eyes i seem to look at the sun while i dream of a dimension where peace is a religion
we serve different god and that's fine. the most important thing is being tolerant of each other's religion. but telling me we serve same god is a blatant lie. simple as abc.
i honestly believe we can co-exist. i might be sounding naively optimistic but i have seen a prototype of what community based nigeria would look like; respect for one another's tribe, religion & belief. it is possible & setting aside selfish interest is the starting point. mr. e
bainjal yeah ,you right modi gov only for ambani ,adani.and this government creating missunderstanding about religion for their vote benefits
hvsbanwait what a nonsensical argument. if farming is a religion and army originates from farming than army too becomes a religion and religion is never apolitical . u proved from the starting thread with photo itself.
exactly!!! i don't care about you or your religion. your religion is your personal thing it shouldn't be the standard for everyone else embeddedurl
darrenplymouth they constantly slur lockdown sceptics as “covid deniers”. well, they are science deniers because as soon as you stop questioning it stops becoming science and more akin to religion.
ahmedalifayyaz leaving a religion such a crime? see, islam's definition of innocent is narrow, even for muslims! i'm not going to the kafir area!
if any other religion was attacked like how islam is attacked. it would have perished. but alhamdulillah embeddedurl
petehegseth don’t amen anything. you’re not allowed to hijack religion too. go away.
ashwinmushran well dude u must be having sm sense of humour. but if ure trivializing the matter then ure very wrong. thought u were like hoezayy but nope. it was on the arrest comment. u get arrested for insulting a faith/ religion n not otherwise. hope u get the seriousness
let me introduce to my religion jebacanimiaryikpopiary embeddedurl
furious with division being created on the basis of religion: naseeruddin shah in an interview with ⁦karwanemohabbat⁩ embeddedurl
kamalaharris joebiden sciencetism is a religion dear. and science can't explain everything, we can never go behind consciousness.
ashleyjoyspeaks you follow the bible and practice religion. i do not, so “biblically” speaking means nothing to me bc of my view. for me when you speak out loud what you would wish to receive it’s a form or manifestation. “y’all” is the collective. this is a social media platform....
choosing a religion is the free choice of any person but for any person to believe in jesus christ is entirely the choice of god.
prime minister had recommended the youth to indulge in reading books like ‘lost islamic history’ and elif shafak's 'the forty rules of love' in his bid to bring them closer to religion. pmik_2020initiatives
simisanya point out where the religion asked them to wear whit garment did the religion command them to wear white garment always? my sister, for a lady to cover her head, it is a command. it is a mandatory part of the religion for every female.
over 100 people registered for 28 jan webinar on religion, marriage & minority women’s rights in family law. join some of greatest women's rights campaigners in britain - pragna patel of sbsisters gitasahgal of onelawforall rehmanyasmin to discuss embeddedurl
in religion we call it spirits... in science we call it energy in the streets we call it vibes.. whatever it is.... trust it
haliberry_mama colkefas ghenhiskhan eromosele6 the problem now arises when the core-north wants others supposed muslim to be on their side and play religious politics with them when they already know that they will only be the winner. playing religious politics will be disastrous to the yorubas irrespective of our religion.
wasabi_nuclear fug, i just wanted to talk about how she cucked joseph with an 'angel'... and we based the world's most well known, most followed religion on the first ever recorded (most well-known) cuck/ntr story ever told. ... please make her nude. she look thicc and i like thicc.
anambra state govt reacts to videos of prophet onyeze jesus’ followers bathing unclad in a river, warns against “criminal & indecent conduct in the name of religion” embeddedurl
kanganateam it's not about religion !! it's about politics !! and politics is dirty game even worst than tandav !!
what in the holy hell is wrong with gop? it's horrifying. putin's puppets? nazi dna? it's really concerning. i think the bullies of the world are one thing, but add "religion" and they kid themselves when they foolishly believe a "god" is on "their" side. scary shit.
the lord may have changed residencies, but the religion remains the same. our lord and savior chovy will now reside in hanwha embeddedurl
punishment for race and religion! hazara shiite muslims are outraged by the inadequate support of local and national security forces following repeated recent attacks. about 4,000 women have been on strike since sunday evening in protest of the killing. hazara embeddedurl
andrestaltz grishka11 andrey_sitnik it has become a religion, and institutional investors are piling on to it now because they bought in these falls bitcoin narratives. i honestly hope it blows up in their face. i think we will have scalable dlt protocols within the next 2 years that are actually useful.
rakesofmallow linus: "there are four things i've learned never to discuss with people: religion, politics, college football and the great pumpkin."
fatteninghaps washywashy_ mrball_sack apparently blm raided the capital while we weren’t looking and tried to barge in on congress by force. they can’t be reasoned with, they follow the cult of whataboutism. staying on topic is against the tenets of their religion if it brings to light that maybe they did an oopsie.
basedzoomer99 stupid_bird_app mornet_john markdice grrrgraphics basedzoomer99, if you're basing things of of your religion, wasn't it stated to "love thy neighbor?"
this is not anything to do with religion, it's just pure torture! time for this elephant to be removed from this temple embeddedurl
people write mostly on the religion they have knowledge about. atheists who condemn christianity are majorly ex-christians. ex-muslims like exmuslimsorg arewaapostate & apostateprophet write about islam yet muslims accuse them of focusing only on islam. una too like cry embeddedurl
gabeclisham kingsgenerals alexader initiated the helinication of the rest of the ancient world. he pushed for the unification of cultures in eurasia. helinication directly contributed to buddhism's rise as 1st world religion and christianity from judaism through the messianic movement.
view view4view like like4like share share4share sub sub4sub subscribe subscribe4subscribe are you ready to get married? marriage christain living spouse religion embeddedurl embeddedurl embeddedurl
bird ministries by ltcartoons giftslt birds birders birder birding birdwatching birdwatcher church religion humor pun puns comics cartoons offbeat weird odd strange funny embeddedurl
tonyverna kdrogersmd obviously many still can't put their fears that god actually exists and will punish you for not believing in him aside even after leaving a cult like the jws and simply move on to another religion that's just slightly less culty.
the things religion has hindered!!!
i know wisdom, i know bad religion, i know good karma
rt deartommys: i wake up and i praise this video. i go to bed and i praise this video. this video is my religion. embeddedurl
what right did congress had to divide country into 3 pieces on the basis of religion & yet make left over india as secular without consulting indians? embeddedurl
michael_hifi blackersnot amazing how the nhs has become a religion to so many people. it's a sad state of affairs.
“charged under conversion ordinance, 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace), 506 (criminal intimidation). high court has been informed that there is no evidence the men tried to change the woman's religion." who is accountable? embeddedurl
iam__odion olatoyosirafat scotty_ship medico_zeal so you think the faith and principles of an entire religion is based on the marriage of two people your a bigger idiot that i taught
yes, it was obnoxious. as stupid as i think religion is, joe biden or anyone else has the right to believe in whatever they want. but publicly shoving the endless prayers and god references down our collective throats is inappropriate. i hope it’s not a sign of things to come. embeddedurl
coach_griffis kobehayez arkgetoffmylawn thatsdavidforya mani_runs i am of the opinion that those with ideologies that hate people on the basis of religion and race should dealt with violently. the kid was not a punk for egging that bastard, he was actually in the right.
warning!!!!! anytime u hear a clergy or their regurgitating followers claim that science is a religion & label it as "scientism" are deceiving themselves & are trying to deceive u. it's equivalent to claiming mathematics is a religion. science is a tool, not a doctrine. a-holes!
mr_animalia makhecha_arjun 1roscoemichel te_hasan jjuchiha_ pitchford_eric brotherinfaith nasa so what ur saying about stoning gays is not even mentioned in religion. religion says ‘thou shall not kill’ ur telling me not to follow that
peterrquinones but they didn't go inside the holy buildings of their statist religion! there's a difference! people can't attack these sacred sites, our prophets (politicians) work there!
1ltss i’m not embarrassed of being muslim i love my religion
kamalaharris joebiden we greencard lottery winners(2017-2020) were selected and invited by u.s gov, but all refused just because of our nationality ( iranians) & religion... it's unfair & against human right please give another chance muslimban joebiden kamalaharris
there haven't been many ways for xianity to 'distinguish' itself in a culture that is historically xian dominated. it's slowly happening though. people assume "worshipping god by ourselves" is xian because they think everything is 'xian' imagine telling another religion that. embeddedurl
"economic forces" (it sounds like religion) are just another man made system and it is clearly terribly badly made one. embeddedurl
mr_notorious_t mesutozil1088 fenerbahce nothing to do with his religion.
vp lloydaustin deptofdefense this is almost my country. but i’ll take it until such time as there is no longer a need to divide us by race, ethnicity, religion, or other categories. i’m very proud we’ve made these milestones.
a hate monger educating masses about what apostasy is! the business of such donkey clergy’s are almost over and exposed. the religion he’s advocating is a lie and people have been fooled for over 1400years. we are waking up mullah embeddedurl
avestige1 i hope you remember this photo. the film of this crime is heartbreaking and unplayable (the crime was committed by israel). is it possible to see oppression and remain silent? the killers cannot hide behind religion. god's punishment is promised in this world and the hereafter. embeddedurl
tweethallelujahfor god tweet hosannato god tweetand praisealphaandomega god in theafternoontweetandthank god ofhorebfor his mercies be my judge, o god, supporting my cause against a nation without religion; o keep me from the false and evil man. hallelujah amen jesus
while jaehyun's religion is christian....
we greencard lottery winners(2017-2020) were selected and invited by u.s gov, but all refused just because of our nationality ( iranians) & religion... it's unfair & against human right please give another chance muslimban potus vp embeddedurl
avfc_religion he’s offside because he challenges mings embeddedurl
on a flying version of noah's ark, flying around studying human religion and trying their best to lead a moral life. it involved the words "up in the ark" or such. and it was through this show that i first learnt about sikhism.
patriciahannam re_mcgee sociology of religion? lenses are everything - hence 'worldview' - sadly the gcse which dictates the curriculum for many is horribly theologically driven!
canadian_titan and let me make it clear, i am 100% opposed to anybody being discriminated for any job because of their race, sex, religion, ethnicity etc. i think the most qualified person should get the job regardless, and any provable discrimination needs to be rectified and eliminated.
taiiiba islam is a religion based on textual evidence in regards to its values and rules - not based on what people find the most easy or befitting
19teen_ why do y’all always think it’s ok to disrespect christianity? i’ll block whoever doesn’t respect my religion. i don’t need to see the degrading things he has to say.
billy_deeper all major religions dictate not be judgemental of other people, but rather that every act should be from a place of love. so no matter which religion you follow, acting from a place of judgement is still sin.
mew92568327 benigma2017 signs of fascism include: supremacy of the military, controlled mass media, corporate power is protected, labor power is suppressed, obsession w/national security, rampant cronyism & corruption and religion & gov't intertwined. sounds like we're already fascist to me.
tell us your opinion on this ! yes or no what religion do you believe in, and my earnest desire to be the same as you are now just as every sect picks up fresh water from a well, picks good vegetables from a vegetable cart separates our hindu relatives from us from the hindus embeddedurl
jacinthepayant that it didn't tells us that half of voting age americans are jerks. stupid, selfish, crude and cruel. will better education help? will turning away from an obsession with religion help? will greater exposure to other cultures help? because something has to be done.
thankscancer jw_marti sarahhamstera surviving cancer confirmed for me there’s no need for a god or religion & i loathed family members & friends who used my cancer as a recruiting opportunity. i completely lost it with one who told me she thought it was obvious he was working on my behalf when treatment went well.
zionism is not abrahamic. is not a religion embeddedurl
sheila03408141 carolinecasey jenniekitgirl all those things you listed, is what the soldiers did to spread your religion. accept the word of christ or die you filthy pagen, oh and we're going to steal your holidays. muh ha ha!
check out what i just added to my closet on poshmark: true religion becky bootcut jeans. embeddedurl via poshmarkapp shopmycloset
betty69888769 aussie_max pigoffed sharikasoal84 yikes. one can't even be muslim and conservative without a christian telling you to give your life to christ. and look at how biased you are. i didn't start talking about religion until someone replied to me about it.
i am proud to be a muslim and i believe that all muslims should be proud to be muslims because islam is a true religion with god. proudtobeamuslim khannia389
....he makes the visit to quetta but in no way is this the way to delay burying the bodies only because you want the pm of your country to visit. it’s not suggested to do so in our religion either; delay the burial....
rt thetweetofrhea: no one is born hating another person because of the color of their skin, or their background, or their lack of religion.
aanthanur llinwood realdonaldtrump genflynn sidneypowell1 atheist here - the positive effect of prayers has been scientifically proven - does not proove god for me or has anything to do with religion.
p_phumo thickleeyonce had to think about that. you are right. my impression is it's easiest for white english-background in sa. for afrikaner or black families it seems religion, outdated attitudes, or plain ignorance gets in the way.
mine, songbird, back to black, disco inferno, losing my religion, and more embeddedurl
g. k. chesterton - il blog dell'uomo vivo: un aforisma in lingua originale al giorno | religious liberty might be supposed to mean that everybody is free to discuss religion. in practice it means that hardly anybody is allowed to mention it. embeddedurl
indians ke liye religion se badhkar kuch nahi h..isly ye desh kabhi develop nhi hoga..applied to all religions of india..extremism me itne andhe ho chuke h aur kuch dikhai nahi deta inko
rwillingham danielandrewsmp abcmelbourne ohh my... what does he think about a popular tv host whose religious beliefs are directly in line with hers. i've singled out a tv personality but does he actually hate anyone with different views to his based on their religion...you know there are 1000s
i think the house passed a new rule that it is unlawful religious discrimination to require the person offering the opening prayer to believe in religion. embeddedurl
calthomas just read your editorial. sounds like a “hey look over hear” . you question biden’s religion while ignoring trumps participation in murder. this is the best you can do?
abomnymous leeann4change jimbrya68704905 again, i never mentioned religion or the bible. unfortunately, there are people who profess to be christians who surely do not follow the word of god. after a while, it becomes obvious who and what they truly are.
benshapiro is it really cultural warfare if "the left" simply doesn't want to be governed by a religion? your cult relies on the govt to overpower our free will so that society resembles your god. if god created free will, why would you need govt to step in? letgoandletgod pastortillis embeddedurl
look who mdzeeshanayyub guru is . if they love umar khalid then why keep shiva name in the serous , keep it same name umar and show your true religion. but plan is to fool hindu younger generation. he rt below tweet . tandavban tandav embeddedurl
gpackiam ps9714 ndrewwhitehead socofthesacred unfortunately religion and public service are incompatible. public service requires compromise, religion abhors compromise.
i feel like people shouldn’t try to convert others if they really want to convert they will find and learn the religion themselves
kingtunde1st instablog9ja no such ting as “by god grace” here. god has given man the wisdom to think and make life better for himself. that is exactly wat the white man has done. we afrcans think everyting should be turned to religion, that is one of the major problems and we need to change that mentality
simmerjitminhas every religion is superior . i am not here to tell you . what about shit gurmeet ram raheem singh ( sarse wala ) dressed like guru gobind singh ji ?
jack has a religion. it is in the same family of religions as islam. the name of this family of religions is the religions of conscience-resistance embeddedurl
can religion and evolution coexist?
rt thekevingarcia_: when i say badtheologykills this is what i’m talking bout. run away from this brand of religion.
doug lamalfa: “you hate trump because of the religion of climate change.” he has us figured out y’all!!! impeachmentday
exmuslimsorg why warning !??? if your religion is real, its prooveable and u dont need defend it.
kittenincognito jamesokeefeiii twitter vijaya they have confused their political ideology with religion. their right and wrong is relative to their viewpoint and feelings at that moment. moral relativism. situational ethics based on their current feelings. now they project their feelings on us as though it is gospel.
/u/papanblin posted: why i left religion embeddedurl
ahmednasirlaw are there books you want to read but you can’t get? i can get them for you in pdf format at a very cheap price. personal development,law.medical, religion, business, science,engineering, love, history,political etc. i will get them for you within minutes.hit my inbox
amarpratap9905 indiantweeter ya i know it's a bad mentality to give reservation privilege to people based on their caste and religion.
rt ptahthearies: science that you aren’t allowed to question, but you’re expected to have complete faith in sounds like religion to me.
bestroyaleplay jerryhelton14 kenneth63101817 cnnpolitics it is a fact that christianity is a very recent religion. it is also fact that the thing is fiction.
religion is the masterpiece of the art of animal training, for it trains people as to how they shall think. - arthur schopenhauer qotd quoteoftheday
atheist god religion bible faith church atheism noreligion religionfree antireligion freedomfromreligion goodwithoutgod nogod godless heathen nonbeliever skeptic secular humanist freethinker think logic reason boldatheism sin embeddedurl embeddedurl
kunalb11 what about caste and religion based reservations
emrata exactly as leftists want it. radical authoritarian communists hate freedom of any kind and must use force and coercion to bring about their failed state religion.
obajemujnr dammiedammie35 western religion is doing more harm than good to us, idg did he upload a nude picture of his wife because it seems like am seeing a different thing entirely
rt flwaash: indeed islam__religion_of__ethics embeddedurl
vashivelayudham so religion change ayinaa caste untundhi? wat abt his sons and daughters??
building spiritual capacity day 230 ______________________________________________ ticc ticcworldwide faith grace blessed meditation inspiration motivation change business media family entertainment education religion arts virtual online embeddedurl embeddedurl
in india at present times it seems rape is related to religion and these heinous religious goons will continue to survive and roam freely .. jai shree ram !! embeddedurl
i hate how ridiculously bad religion has plagued africa. i hate it so much. embeddedurl
shiahazaracallspmik forget about caste, sect and religion. if this doesn't melt your heart you are not human anymore!!
attention to tik tokers can y’all not use god for followers and clout it’s disgusting and disrespectful, as a christian i find it as disrespecting my beliefs and religion and please don’t edit anything with jesus as an anime character cause i swear i will literally block you 1/?
richardifeanyi llawal_latifah delemomodu stop disturbing yourself, an average yoruba muslim is a supporter of buhari, all because of religion affiliation.
heytammybruce i think “conservative” needs to be added as a protected class, along with race, religion, sexual orientation, age, etc.
dematar trolldaright ao yeah, it os possible to determine what religion is on correct path and what not. but that is out of the scope of our discussion. abortion is satanic ritual amd that statement was made by former satanist zachary king. here is another evidence embeddedurl
jews are real people. judaism is a real religion, with real sacred practice and ritual. we aren't some exotic make-believe culture someone made up for a story. we're not klingons, or dothraki, or tolkein-esque elves. you don't get to just pick up our stuff and play with it.
istandwithmubashirzaidi in this ridiculous & highly condemnable trend of accusing anyone of blasphemy if one disagrees with them. disgusting weaponisation of religion.
itsfoxy_jenny ayokasz timipr there's nothing like "over do" on matters regarding your religion either islam, christianity or any other. you too can over do over what you think is best for you. it's your religion after all.
potus we greencard lottery winners(2017-2020) were selected and invited by u.s gov, but all refused just because of our nationality (iranian_yemenis_syrians) & religion... it's unfair & against human right please give another chance. muslimban joebiden kamalaharris
some things you agree to disagree on such as politics and religion
chidimmaalways splitfl0ws happyoj4 uyanwunechuks joyrhema2 auntyadaa why engage your self in the unsolicited gospel peddling in the first place... can't you guys just respect people's privacy and the rights to believe in whatever they want... it a free world :globe_showing_europe-africa: and god has no freaking religion!
"that type of religion is first class which teaches you how to become a lover of god. if you become lover, then your life is successful. then you’ll do everything for god." śrīla bhaktīvedānta swāmī 21st january 1974 embeddedurl embeddedurl
انقلاب_فاطمی in every religion there is a face of a perfect and valuable woman that believers bow before. among christians, the image of hazrat maryam azra is sacred. in islam, the existence of fatima (pbuh) is sacred. fatima embeddedurl
rt pinkheretic: atheism isn't a religion. it is a personal realtionship with reality. atheist embeddedurl
onemnlf any religion has no right to claim state hood in the philippines, under democratic law, any public official who will support will be charge of treason and economic sabotage. full force of the law will be used
xoshdivine nigelchanakira its a matter of time. people should have been outraged by msm censorship. big tech bullying. its a matter of time.. they are coming remember they hate religion, people shouldn't have celebrated what they did to a great man..
da_667 remember when their family business was prosecuted by the nixon administration for being too corrupt and racist, violating the standard set by the nixon administration? remember when they knowingly lied about the president’s birth place and religion? embeddedurl
thequint shashitharoor gandhi's hinduism wasn't about external paraphernalia of religion, but the core fundamentals.
dawnslight91 wingeddevil_d2 cfink101 realdonaldtrump it’s a video game reference, it’s not tied to any real world religion. embeddedurl
cryptic_miind boot licker arnab goswami, his fellow godi media people and andh bhakts having cow dung in their brains and cow urine instead of blood will never see truth of people who are looting us by propagating fake nationalism on basis of religion and now a days killing farmers. shame!!!
did jesus intend a religion for the rich and powerful? looking at americanchristianity, it sure seems that way. christianityhighjacked! embeddedurl
nike the muslim skateboarding girl transitioning to a dude with a rainbow flag is unacceptable. it holds an offensive meaning to my religion, indicating that islam is okay with lgbt. it is not and never will be. shame on nike.
for the record: the potus is your employee. your business agent. a stranger who will serve 4-8 years, then go back to being someone with zero impact on your life at all. he's not your daddy. not your savior. not the head of your religion. he's not even your pal.
mirandadevine joeconchatv thedems lol. the entire scope of politics is dumb. you help fuel the fire of hate, but hide behind the christian religion. you have notruth in you, and come across as a true liar. you allowed trump tobe awkwardly as gross but never called him out, why because you area a liar!
luckyinka dyvyne10 ibadan_novice zeolyne_ maemunah___ purple_ngold your religion is different from mine, so stop judging my religion based on yours! it is my beliefs and it is none of your business how i was commanded to do it! get that into your thick skull. i have a lab and 2 of my employees are christians. what is wrong with you people?
now playing: the flaming lips - my religion is you // embeddedurl
is economics all in theory and formula form? | our religion of economics is the astrology of astronomy in desperate need of relevance. embeddedurl embeddedurl
moonstar4u because rest of the maha badtameez contestants either share the same religion as bhai beingsalmankhan or they’re his brother’s “friends“! this show is making me sick to the core! salman is getting nastier & viler with each passing season... not to mention older! nikkitamboli
rt entrepreneur: how success happened for style icon kym gold, co-founder of true religion | by roberttuchman embeddedurl
africanshiva shipreeta kushal_mehra bharatvaarta prvkhvr abhina_prakash shambhav15 a religion that requires modification is not a true religion.
"the best thing about science is that hard, empirical answers are always there if you look hard enough. the best thing about religion is that the very absence of that certainty is what requires - and gives rise to - deep " -jeffrey kluger quotes
angeltouya arima is brielle’s religion.
rt mohamme03832262: thetimes there is no compulsion in religion. ..... quran
teddyhasapples philjimeneznyc erickleefeld ok to be clear. sure they can refuse service, as long as its not because of a protected category like race, gender, religion, etc. being a private business wants to make money, the only other reason they would refuse service is violations of the establishments' rules.
lisamarinass thicko_mode well, but the point above was private owned vs public owned. even though twitter is public traded and cake baker is private. also, if you know the 1st amend, which i think your a free thinker, freedom of religion is protected....aka the foundation of our country. everyone jumped
since i get asked this question a lot, i will answer it! it's okay if some of a hijabis hair is showing, as it completely relys on either culture or one's relationship with religion! that's all :3
cawthornfornc maddy, you forgot, don't you remember, they took your guns away. oh, and now i'm forgetting, they took your religion away. obama was going to establish an islamic state. what ever happened with those two items?
a muslim is always special! special by his smile, his manners, his giving, his love and his life. because his religion is unique.
shanonshah hi shanon. would you be interested in appearing on the big questions on saturday the 30th of jan to talk about the impact of covid on the environment and the role religion has to play? please get in touch if you're available. best, alice.
meisterwarnberg b_t_smyt i haven't really began to study kant yet but i am trying to see if this view is compatible with other philosophies of religion, like thomism. there is a sense in which there is a similarity about the conception of god here.
the survivor’s guide to leaving your birth religion part 4: tear it down - it’s 1998 and i’m on a road trip to north carolina with my youth group. like a bridge over troubled water plays, and my youth pastor lowers the volume, “have y’all ever... embeddedurl
falllngvibez bas ma half l countires l main religion islam mn hek
religion and psychology share methods for reducing distress health wellness meditation embeddedurl
rt thesanatanorg: shastra and shastr two integral parts of religion. sanatandharma embeddedurl
“there is no higher religion than human service. to work for the common good is the greatest creed.“
in soviet communist russia, we did not have the freedom of religion. they had us on tight control. instead we were taught leninist policies and communist propaganda. in addition, verses to praise lenin we had to know by heart. embeddedurl
religious/christian news wires... |baptiststandard editorial: christian nationalism clearly evident in dc capitol riot - it's "unholy alliance" "conflating of religion & politics w a price" misuse of "symbols & icons" (jesus, ) embeddedurl trump evangelicoup
religion bdgft63 time cmgtf_ life jcxra_ sun file_ksa580 moon ball_278 book f402t136 doom 4021362288069tr shit jkqdsc one mirkvd hell dzc108 reality com_tlvzwp8069 ka mx_631 99 hyzr99 dog doglv246 allah isbn711 ai aiftcpgw cs kjd70q59 skynews
frangipunani arissa_tati you've been asking me, who am i to invalidate your feelings, then im asking you rn, who are you to freely insulting other ppl's religion. do you have any rights to do tht?
kmse82269 donaldjtrumpjr randpaul just have to say it once more... trump is not the chosen one. if it turns out he is, i will convert it islam.. which is a much more respectful religion anyway
urdu poets write poems on breaking hindu god's murti musl!m comedians write jokes on hindu gods islam!c clerics issue fatwas against hindu religion islam!c crowd participate in destroying hindu temples islam!c intellectuals write articles defending all the above.
hon'ble pmoindia yours public toilets damaging by bjp cadres save india religion men embeddedurl
first amendment congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the gov for a redress of grievance
aonespinky "were not forcing our religion on anyone" then explain this
thunderbird1905 roxzysofoxy torrainewalker i’m a man of god no religion i’m spiritual
hnjii people who don’t have any knowledge about sikh religion apni knowlege ghutno mei hi rkho sikh embeddedurl
outmarketplace diego is my religion
clecrypti carsyetisys robbierocket7 lyleshelton why should i respect religion? i respect people's right to believe in whatever deity they choose, but don't expect to be beyond criticism for your superstitious stupidity.
dear myogiadityanath .. haul their asses to up and give them some advice from the bottom of your heart. bring in the prime video head too. tell them exactly why we think this is not acceptable. targeting one religion is unacceptable embeddedurl
vernice31 koan4u yahoo evangelicals should have faced a reckoning long before trump. thieves using religion to get obscenely rich.
it's not a gang, it's not a cult, it's not a religion
adshead_matt tomatosober lazls80 mennewsdesk first up. i was talking about the values the religion calls for. it’s a simple fact. you can’t dismiss it due to a lack of knowledge on the subject.
dr. annie besant said that after studying all religions, 80 years i found that fhere is no scientific religion like hinduism.sant shri aasharamji bapu who explained it has been implicated in the conspiracy today.conversion_thesilentkiller embeddedurl
salilshetty reallyswara aliabbaszafar mdzeeshanayyub so if one raises an alarm on behalf of hindus he is called a "bhakth"....what do you call those who takes to streets, behead ppl in the name of religion..."maha bhakth"?
so the vatican goes from being the gatekeeper and deciding who and what was censored to big tech now deciding who and what gets censored. people traded worshiping religion to worshiping progressivism. embeddedurl
jackjohnsoniv7 100% and a forgotten aspect was white religion endorsing and helping it.
dingslord issadolphin barbzhollywood grass is delicious af moo delicacy of the mommy milker gods we worship in our religion
aaronofthewild worshipfreely broberts226 denounce the religion and embrace the relationship! the letter killeth but the spirit gives life! blessings to you brother!
people canceling others based on who they voted for is like canceling people based on what religion they follow that’s not the freedom i fought for embeddedurl
gulf_news maybe can produces the everything by using money'but although no one can create imitating as thee creator's faith iman islam cannot buy it money, and then doesn't suchlike'allah do not sell his religion with money-some time some body make as like changes their trust because
therefore, forced conversions are simply unacceptable, and anyone who would use force rather than persuasion to promote religion must ignore the view of the person central to the qur'an.3/3
o allah, turner of hearts, make my heart firm upon your religion. (tirmidhī)
there should be immediate law on population control irrespective of religion and politics embeddedurl
carobini you aren't a christian. you are just some dude with mental illness that uses religion as an excuse for your shortcomings
chairman of usheritagecomm paul packer and i were privileged to recognize the cityofdavid for its contribution to america’s judeo-christian heritage. whether one observes any religion or no religion, this is a wellspring of our common values. embeddedurl
secpompeo statespeha realdonaldtrump separation of church and state is the most important because religion is a mental illness and once you see the illusion for what it is. you realize it will never make u better. you make you better!
rebel_inferno ilovemy42620484 humor_sapien don't tell us about our religion and values
mya religion embeddedurl
leftisttears101 unholypudding thegopisracist lukeletlow it's funny you say these are nutjob scientists. next, you'll be denying gravity. how about medicine or the device you're using? where did they come from? a fuckin' prayer?! pretty sure those in your religion beg parishioners for money every week.
joeyakan nice imaginative spin. now - welcome back to the real world. there's no one doing christian evangelism and trying to wreck the person's life - everyone evangelizing has a strong burden to pray for those they minister to. you must have mixed us up with some other religion.
jaysonscout elise_jordan marcorubio he's a charlatan using religion to con people, a grifter like all the others who enabled trump at every turn. he's a fraud. we should mock everything about him.
ikaurtweets arunrao64str boxervijender hahaha , there are lakhs of places where food is given at no cost to people who visit for several decades now in temples , even other religion people are given food , pls don’t generalize
nemoymohidsu davidkurten drjulesgomes church_militant i respect peoples faith and i recognise the massive impact christians have had on the world and yes i do celebrate christmas, but christianity and religion is in rapid decline, religions thrive on superstition and science has proven them false.
pm could not find enough empathy to accept demands of hazara families. but his social media trolls have audacity to start a campaign against xadeejournalist in sacred name of religion. apathy & hypocrisy define this govt. stay strong, stay safe sir istandwithmubashirzaidi embeddedurl
happynewyear2021 according to "mr. anderson" of america,a religious rural indian, this messiah will impregnate the entire world with religion, happiness and peace for the forthcoming thousands of years. saviour saint rampal ji watch sadhana tv at 7:00pm
johnkingcnn only because democrats are hell bent on retribution. they divide this country by race, sex, and religion.
kayleigh you are a real hypocrite lying day in day out to this nation and sending the incoming press sec. your dirty lying hypocritical prayer's ? you are a real evil b**** kayleigh politic and religion are 2 different thinks and never fir together . the religion have start &gt;war embeddedurl
my religion is nature. that's what arouses those feelings of wonder and mysticism and gratitude in me. - oliver sacks ~ naturelovers embeddedurl
peterratemo4 gpdkaluma are there books you want to read but you can’t get? i can get them for you in pdf format at a very cheap price. personal development,law.medicine, religion, finance/business, science,fiction, love, history,engineering and more. i will get them for you with in minutes.just dm me
anime after work is simply religion
akaworldwide religion & politics embeddedurl
mattthiessennt mohr_religion that looks super interesting.
barstoolbigcat honest question... was there a funnier statement said in 2020 than “knew all religion”? - stuartfeiner
my name is martin cabello iii and i have autism which gives me a different angle when looking at a angel, the name of my religion is hooraah as in who is ra and i'm looking for disciples.. embeddedurl
grandpadan69 lucifer_1805 _cvjo fang0193742 but now she’s getting hate and insults to her and the religion just for saying something as innocent as the sun is so beautiful it had to be created by god
religion can be such a beautiful thing but also such an ugly thing at the same time it has people saying shit like this : embeddedurl
psy0psurviv0r werealive2 so the catholic church creates a fake counterfeit "religion" called islam to destroy christianity? but that fake counterfeit is also not in agreement with catholicism, and the muslims invade europe for centuries trying to destroy catholicism???? whaaaat?
g4boyz g4choppa_ the government failed us education failed us religion failed us thus inscamwetrust
the web series is facing criminal cases for hurting religious sentiments and insulting religion punishable under sections 153a and 295 of indian penal code webseries tandav amazonprimevideo embeddedurl
andresperezco manuelaf202016 and that’s on imposed gender ideologies based on religion lmao
rt michell51853221: schmittercecile no animal or living thing, should loose a life,!!!! for any religion and stupid beliefs shared
skeptic_george religious text was written by men to rule women and children for years but we are now entering an era of equality for humans and men can't rule and fool women like before and that is one of reason people are leaving religion now and begin to think freely and enjoy life.
christianity is a good religion but i hope we get a better one when jesus comes back
entire trend list in twitter is of cricket this is not less than a religion in india
religion be the main reason behind some people being so judgmental and arrogant.
william58880954 ...because you don't understand the "church" is not about a building or religion (because religion is man made). your definitions are all based on man's defintions, not tmh god's. stop assuming, because it's not benefitting anyone in this discussion.
hmu essayhelp english essaypay maths essaydue history theology nursing assignmentdue economics javascript biology religion economics homework psychology onlineclasses text /call +1 (469) 270-7118 embeddedurl
brh1zy pink haired karl jacobs is my religion embeddedurl
religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a heartless world, and the soul of soulless condition. it is the opium of the people. - karl marx
rt imam_pari: islam__religion_of__ethics embeddedurl
silasjakakimba are there books you want to read but hard to get? i could get them for you in pdf format at a very cheap price. personal development books, religion, finance, law, medical, love novels, history etc i will get them for you within minutes. for inquiries and purchase, please dm
cdngolfbag nastyblackwoman vabvox donnaimamtx berniesanders socialism is only scary term to older people, who have been fed propaganda about the cold war. much like religion, y'all like to propagate the term, and conflate it communism, for which it is not.
suspending belief through religion you dummy
rt kerrie72kr: theworldwouldbebetterif we saw souls instead of race, gender, sexual orientation, religion.... embeddedurl
dm168 international: religion and politics: strange bedfellows embeddedurl
kumarpavan2212 cutthecrap20201 manavjivan pbhushan1 religion was never the reason for the fight. religion was never the parameter to measure right or wrong. guru did sacrifices for hindus because they were facing injustice at that point. read some history and enlighten urself. incomplete knowledge is always dangerous.
embeddedurl brooch gothic cross maltesecross goldplate goldtone 21vintagestreet everythingvintage filigree large heavy vintage satinbrushed religion
q is imo the first truly postmodern religion and its emergence is a big signal that modern strategies of discernment have failed. to be clear everyone online is dealing with this crisis but there are other strategies than the religious q type which i may talk about.
bheuskin the first line of that is true religion is not a god construct it's a man made division if practices of worship. faith and belief are personal but as long as jesus our risen savior is first in the religion precepts. there should be no problems
dunoutheremate trillaayy sabzzco he coulda easily went for a better example and compare it to yt ppl baptizing their kids at younger ages. the same ppl saying this kid is too young to choose a religion, are also the ones that dont support anything lgbt related, so it makes no sense to bring lgbt ppl in the tweet
missalvy_ if religion was the taboo sex would be normal as it is for me
tammyindacut it’s the audacity to think christianity is the only relevant religion out there and non believers who state their opinions get attacked for that. girl bye
it's always light coverage and "crazy individual" if it's a white bitch but if i'm the one who has to be labelled as a terrorist if some other random crazy bitch who happened to share my religion decides to do the same thing fuck this shit embeddedurl
cnn god/allah/shiv/etc. has never created any religion and country. but.....all religions are very good unlike their cunning followers who misinterpret it and insert wrong clauses in their religious book for their personal gain........and fight with others to show their superiority.
wiseqna18 believers sometimes become extremists. what is the difference between a communist extremist and a believer being an extremist for religion? check the wiseanswer bible wisequestion shincheonjichurch god religion spirit heaven belief extremist believer embeddedurl
new tumblr post: "new journal - journal of east asian philosophy" embeddedurl cfp, callforpapers, religion, religiousstudies, acrel
isatochukwu we want our country to be a secular state so that religion will be a private affair but our leaders have refused. religion has killed more people than any pandemic in nigeria. the rate of death can be compared to malaria deaths. it also leaves a lot of hate, angst n animosity.
votemarsha first amendment: “congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging freedom of speech, or of the press.”
teaatdawn yuuup. the religion angle has already been mentioned here but hispanic folks who voted trump (twice) do it because of religion and very conservative/traditional values.
tamiritsema mjgerson religion can poison even the best minds. getting into yale isn't a guarantee that a person is a critical thinker.
history, science, and miracles all prove that the catholic religion is the one true religion.
for a welfare state in pakistan you need to give birth to fewer children and stay further away from religion. embeddedurl
mohammedamer10 suryanshbisen life_2short2h8 aniqanisar who the fuck are you to decide truth? there are millions of scripture my religion with debates and discussion. yours is a cheap book of warnings and misguided guidlines. fear of hell is the basis of your faith. quest of knowledge is basis of my religion. now shut up.
ahead of thebachelor tonight, i spoke to millsy11374 about expanded representation on the franchise, incl people with disabilities, & how religion became a hot button issue this season. (matt praying "was in no way trying to force anything on anyone.") embeddedurl
the north started an ashtag dangotesempire to promote dangote rather than vilify him for his "immorality" according to how they tagged and punished others in their religion. muslim laws are for the poor. no justice in muslim.
using religion to justify bigotry is never ok embeddedurl
let’s not crumple the constitution further. let the nation be first and above religion region and anything else. constitution republicday republicday2021 embeddedurl
i actually don’t care if they put it in bc this is my 1 headcanon for my inquisitor now. just poor sweet amalin lavellan not only being a figurehead for a religion she doesn’t believe in but now people swear by talking about her privates poor bean lol
may the new year bring you all the joy in world. but not too much because i'm still going to make your wife my simp. xo { find femdom slave goddess asian dominatrix temple tribute cuck worship beta religion kink fetish simp } embeddedurl
scottwalker mixing religion and politics is twisted.
the ai creation meme: a case study of the new visibility of religion in artificial intelligence discourse embeddedurl via academia
junaidreal1 mohit_ksr how else do we judge the religion? if 99% people of a religion behave in a certain way, where do you think the fault is?
rahulk93922649 anantgu04171736 ayrusujar pmoindia ancient bharat welcomed every religion even before a constitution was formed. gave refuge to the persecuted jews and parsis, sikhism, budhism and jainism was born im india. no need for other religions to worry. hinduism is inherently secular.
drdaviddling i love jimmy carter the man, not the religion, not the politics, just the man.....
ajsdecepida sharonjmcgee angry__saint nnoir226 what about religion?
boomtown85 dai__xiu realkaylajames they definitely all have their unique aspects but every religion in the world has its similarities.
rt ecnalhanid: can i take a minute out of you’re day and introduce you to my religion embeddedurl
zebigdragon omg hilarious. bad religion is still ok at least
bbcworld weird . in canada we don't even pay attention to the religion of our leaders. just if they can lead! still get it wrong mind you! when was the last time you got to vote for a pope?
crime/politics/religion pays ... embeddedurl
charlesbhallphd also most of us eat shrimp and cut our beards now. judicious application of the principles of religion save us from the mistake of disastrous literal fealty to ancient texts.
itsdeborak funmi_lade i_am_kj abjnr_ absolutely not. you don't speak for her...continuing after someone asks you to stop is ignorant. if that's what her religion teaches, i want no part of it.
you can’t even say stuff like ‘what if we’re in the matrix?’ for fun anymore because someone will overhear and start a religion about it
erictrump sounds like somebody found religion real quick. guess you heard from your lawyers, huh? you treasonous little prick
&gt; whereas animistic religion once endowed nature with spirits, we now view the world through the lens of omnipresent, latent causalities.
only difference between hinduism & other religion they prioritise everything not religion while other prioritise religion over everything . embeddedurl
melt_dem raydalio a preacher of the old religion has converted. will our brother be welcomed to the new, better religion?
christianwolfcb johannesbusch6 i advocate we adopt brit shalom, a peaceful alternative, then let men decide for themselves at 21. will not cut my kids. i think people may practice & teach religion as long as it doesn't violation human rights, & kids may choose in adulthood what religion they want to follow.
shakodoggo biden is q . and so is the media . they are all the same . elite playing tricks on conspiracy theorist that have faith in religion. religion it’s self is rotten to the core . annunaki control
you can be kind and helpful all you want. but you ain’t going to heaven cause you don’t follow their religion. makes sense? same.
"hayini guys are you following your religion?"
religion christian god faith christ christianity christology theology scripture preacher prayer baptist worship prophecy biblestudy bible dieu foi chrétien islam diable the angels are watching us. open details pls ouvrez les détails svp embeddedurl
tomilahren but you can denied too make case on the bases of religion
now playing, blind gussie nesbit — pure religion from rough guide to blind, black & blue music
ejm1031 4. oh please. obama was worshipped with tears. i saw it myself with my own eyes in new york city. the greatest threat in the country and church is not that people love trump (some too much), but the evil religion of woke that the dnc practices, a religion with way more devotees.
forget about cast, religion or creed. if this hazara incident doesn't melt your heart, you are not human being. fapstandwithhazara embeddedurl
gaming is a religion of peace and as a moderate gamer i condemn this act. embeddedurl
this applies to many different religions and cultural background as well. at least please refer to those who are part of the religion/culture. research.
i'd like to add that if you're raised catholic, you cannot pick and chose the sections of the bible that you "like"! either you're a catholic that acts according to the bible or you're a sinner like the rest of us! hypocrisy has no place in religion! which is it? embeddedurl
opindia_com islam is a natural religion a newborn baby is naturally innocent n pure so we can say that every child that is born is a muslim
dublincity5 seamusactor lnbdublin i'm chilled mo chara. why are you bringing religion into this? not a good look.
christ in you - here is the heart of christianity, which distinguishes it from every other religion in the world. it is not simply some universal spirit of goodness dwelling in humanity that we must strive to realize. nor is it a set of rules and regula... embeddedurl
new tumblr post: "call for submissions: digital activism in and outside the classroom" embeddedurl cfp, callforpapers, religion, religiousstudies, acrel
breitbartnews real_pat_henry how ludicrous....biden is certainly not even minimally catholic and, if he claims to be christian, biden is the worst follower of christ since judas! if the nyt means biden follows a 'dark side' religion, then they may have something! maybe hillary invites biden to coven meetings embeddedurl
by 25 i'll get my religion restarted and wear my durrag in my id photo
indeed many wars are about religion. embeddedurl
rt muvaofgotti: this y i hate religion, i wanted to see ass embeddedurl
mike0770mike malcom x was very silly for converting to a religion of people who enslaved and castrated blacks for centuries.
bronsfg mark0336 if you fear allah sm, get off twt and stop interacting with a female you don't know, yall always wanna talk religion until you actually gotta follow it
check out what i just added to my closet on poshmark: true religion ricky jeans. embeddedurl via poshmarkapp shopmycloset
magalad1 karnkapil1 reallyswara my "judgement" started after you asked me to say something about another religion. so you shouldn't have come and said something to me and continued to mind your own business.
pavanem farahkhanali chutiya dats u! yeah rite. read da tweet again. u r da 1 who is bringing religion up. she said men i.e irrespective of caste, religion but u had to spew venom. think big, & pls comprehend da tweet be4 responding!
we stripped education systems designed to indoctrinate the masses into industrial era factory work of enough money to educate in spite of that while gutting the content of meaningful education and moaning that not enough of the right religion is being taught/worshiped...
cnnnews18 anchoranandn "jai sri ram" is the slogan of a particular religion. it should be used at specific religious events or at a particular party meeting. but the use of government meeting is wrong. india is a secular country. wbcm mamataofficial said clearly. is it necessary to discuss this?
joncohenmusic escapingatheism depends what you mean by ‘god’. dig out some einstein quotes on the subject & it might make you think. specific book called the quotable einstein has many of them. and then spinoza. einstein thought buddhism the only religion fit for purpose in 20th c.
muslims be like, we wore nikhab and covered our face, look at the world under covid now, learning from us. your biggest flex about your religion is that it's a permanent pandemic? ps : y'all started the joke, don't get offended now.
bondcliff jcbringle but seriously how'd you feel about a group where if you leave, youre6 no longer allowed to speak with your daughter, son, spouse or your parents. and everything that you "learned" you now owe, despite only earning a paltry $50 a week from your supposed rl'religion".
i will advise that since there is a ministry for religion, the should be an attached unit called "prophecy declaration and validation" unit.
th3s0ap superspy2021 officerenclave not_the_bee think about it, why would oceania (or any of the other two super-states) want religion in their state. a person’s faith in their god(s) could potentially distract them from their faith in the state and their propaganda.
fuyiarts a parent being manipulative and abuse towards her son and playing the religion card
just to make this clear, i couldn't give a fuck what race, colour, religion, ethnicity, orientation, you could identify as a toaster for all i care, the only thing that matters is if you're a decent person (or toaster). nothing nice to say, stay quiet.
thomsonderick we could make a religion out of this
west specifically said to drive out those w/different views not on loving your neighbor, but on on guns & taxes. plutocrats have been pouring $ into church affiliated groups to make keeping millionaire and billionaire taxes low a religion for the faithful. embeddedurl
aidanmchugh14 congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances.
galenmittermann jennieology for those who've tied their ships to trump, my argument is that they need more faith, not less. james taught that true religion is visiting the widow, the orphan, the sick, and the imprisoned. true commitment to christ encourages love, patience, and service.
xadeejournalist imrankhanpti pakistan was created for justice for all. its sad to see what we are going through. there should be love for all regardless of religion ethnicity or language
the greatest religion is to be true to your own nature. have faith in yourselves.~ swami vivekananda heartfelt tribute to swami vivekananda ji on his birth anniversary.
rjbrandenburg ecker_recipes minggao26 susanvermazen attacking extremism is fine. attacking religion is unacceptable.
johncollins_kp never happen because evangelicals are fake religion. ..
kathyconwom toadmeister anyone questioning the religion of covid is considered a heretic, so must be punished and ‘cancelled’.
some of you assholes need to learn christianity is not the only religion. i do not need to “repent and turn to god” simply because i’m a pagan. zeus and the other olympians offered me comfort when your god gave me depression and thinking i was worthless. stfu :)
anyone in scotland who supports the union, have other ties there. misplaced religion and the queen, english tory retirees, members of the establishment and wealthy who don't want change. free residents of scotland can tell the difference between westminster control and indy.
michcusejac5 politics has become religion. it's about blind faith and devotion to your side which comes with a bigly set of blinders.
aliabbaszafar not accepted. you people can't get away with a mere apology anymore. too much have tolerated this bashing of our religion and god's by you kathmullas. not anymore. you will have to pay the price.
it was unnerving to see buddhist monks in sri lanka and burma who display none of the compassion and tolerance we associate with that religion. these monsters doing the same to hinduism embeddedurl
kant is short for kannot as in i kannot fucking finish this final im.dying and this is philosophy of religion i.e. philosophy of hope and i am absolutely hopeless right now get me out of here please and thank you kind regards, matt
the basic premise of religion - that if you try hard to be good, things will go well for you - is wrong. jesus lived perfectly yet suffered.
robinlessey blue_sti mfwitches trust me ivor. the evangelical cult is not the same as your average anglican form of religion...just a random example.
// religion nsfw age difference maybe its the sheer amount of religion related fic i read in bandom but i just think this shit is kinda iconic idk- embeddedurl
while we're talking about religion, i'm not sure i've ever recommended this story on this forum, so if you need a good laugh from an amazing story about communion, check out "the 1969 easter mass incident": embeddedurl
rt shaheenazohair: islam is the religion of peace.
fool, greedy, coward, sleepy, selfish hindus have no idea how many forces are working to destroy our culture and religion, yet not coming out from comfort zone and waking up...sleep, keep quite, run and digging own grave. where will you run away? this must be stopped embeddedurl
ericrweinstein 80 million people, without counting the millions across the world, is not "a cult" - it's a religion! and the belief set is very simple - not president trump but the ideas we mimic around the world and he represents and fought for - not just for the us, the world fweeeeeeeedom!!
rt jontyson: religion must be defended not by killing but by dying, not by violence but by patience.” (alan kreider)
stop playing the politics of religion, sri ram is ours, sri krishna is ours, hindus, muslims, sikhs are all brothers. because the issue is to return the agriculture law. jai jawan jai kisan modiwherearemissingfarmers mannkibakwaas farmersprostest embeddedurl
shamandez dai_james1942 emmareillytweet godfrey28482926 antonioguterres un ministerblok unwatch this suggests that they are not acting ethically in their global mandate. in addition, the topic of genocide of the uighurs is related to the occupation of fertile land, religion is simply the false mask of china.
adithyaadiii vande mataram means salute you mother.. and country is mother of all..mother never discriminates her children.. and mother don't have a particular religion, she is omnipresent, an atheist will also have a mother.
nikkitaftw one of the many reasons why i'm against the state + religion "marriage". religion should be as free and independent choice as the clothes that you wear.
bjportraits we are getting into bladerunner territory with this guy. he's created his own religion ffs - another self-aggrandizing huckster. wish people would get off this crazy train before it's too late.
new world series lecture 9 - one god one religion (ogor) global unificat... embeddedurl via youtube
we need to still be a voice for separation of church and state. we need to hear the cries of victims of racism, even at the hands of the church. we need to return to being a prophetic voice warning of the dangers of rightwing religion entwined with politics. 4/4
the fruit in the garden of eden was not a literal fruit. in biblical literature, giving someone a fruit was a metaphor for sex. the fall was caused by sex, apparently. that's why we see prostitution as bad. religion is to blame.
congress shall make no law respecting an establishmt of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof or abridging freedom of speech or of the press or the right of ppl peaceably to assemble & petition govt for a redress of grievances & also publishers must print what i want
rt ubaid_09: ehsas-e-zimedaari serves all people regardless of race, religion or gender. ehsasezimedaari
ikechiunor rx_khaleel you have repeatedly said a woman that can’t cook can’t do anything so hence divorce her ? is that what the religion teaches? do you know cooking is a life skill & it’s not only a woman that can cook? let’s stop using divorce anyhow just because it’s allowed
it is not z matter of race ,religion language or any other difference to condemn the genocide campaign of tigray people it is enough to be human being unhumanrights potus embeddedurl
billywaynedavis how was she allowed to take the oath to protect the constitution when her religion says worship donald trump
donwinslow we are living in a world where the mistakes of humankind are coming to fruition. money and religion are not natural of this planet yet they control everything. they are ideas created by us. we have given ourselves a virus and this is the result.
darkside627 thegreatosi rsvptemple wanjohistellah the video ! the point is that he is not an aethist, didn't talk about religion
rt joanesquirt: mimi190447 it’s against the religion of peace to drink alcohol although they ignore it when it suits them
marc_benton alexmd2 seanmmitchell imo, would be sweet if religions focused primarily on their respective principles/ values rather than stories. i predict every single one, including my agnostic/ atheist 'religion' agree on the core ones- compassion, honesty, respectfulness, etc.
islam is a humanitarian religion
tortoliver paultaylor66 jmclghln realdonaldtrump the very first clause of the bill of rights: "congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion" separation of church and state is one of the founding principles of this country. this is not a theocracy.
sm younusalgohar explains the truth behind keeping a beard and why muslims were required to keep it in the era of prophet mohammed (pbuh) ( embeddedurl ) darhi islam pakistan knowledge sufism urdu quran truth beard goharshahi religion bangladesh
rt apki_jon: islam is perfect , muslims are not .... study the religion , not the people ... embeddedurl
religion is a heteronormative scam well embeddedurl
kayleighmcenany how do you feel about trump's praise and use of regeneron? the drug developed with the use of fetal stem cells? religion has no place in politics, especially in a multi faith country. politics have no place dictating women's health and life choices.
i guess my main problem with transphobia is that it has no relation to science or facts. like, disagree with me on religion or whatever, fine, we can't know. we *can* know that you're a dick if you treat trans people as though we're lesser than cis people.
i am indeed your true apostle: the black muslim. fear *allah* and follow me: the torah & the gospel. for this i demand of you no recompense, only my lord can reward me: *allah*. there is only one true religion: the koran. and all religions came from it: holy bible and the quran. embeddedurl
maqart55 murmalerm youngmelton42 cowgirlwarrior darwin_moduel shannon_last allahpundit likewise, if you believed freedom of speech and freedom of religion to be 100% absolute, you’d have a leg to stand on when it comes to your support of bodily autonomy being 100% absolute.
dkmkolo shehusani i remembered a man saying he voted buhari all because he's a muslim (a very rich man) now along the line the man went bro during the ongoing regime religion has nothing to do with governance!
"in memory lie the seeds of improvisation; in technique, the means by which to cultivate the memory, nourished by both tradition, in the form of myths, and by whatever science is available, even if it is called religion or magic" embeddedurl music jazz
religion was invented the day the first conman met the first fool. which of the two are you ? fool or conman... embeddedurl
walk away from the false religion. there was no plan. there was only trump and he did a good job! embeddedurl
hebobiwine bwayoaaron if you are a free thinker, love to discuss cutting-edge sides to religion, psychology, sex (sexuality), movies and more... you should join this telegram channel; muttering minds tele-comminity. so many versatile topics for you here :backhand_index_pointing_down_medium-dark_skin_tone: embeddedurl
rt fairytekoo: who wants to start a religion with me :star-struck::star-struck: embeddedurl
today it is proved that how religion snatch the humanity from human.
wheeldoncara legit like it’s so not inclusive, nothing about homosexual sex or anything for people who don’t want to have sex for various reasons from sexuality/not feeling ready/religion, is such a joke, and then nothing on actual sexual health
jinyoung with peach imagery, that's my religion embeddedurl
bharadwajspeaks harsimratbadal_ sikhs were a panth in sanatan dharma like lingayats of today. there was a plot to declare lingayats as a separate religion just a few years back for a few votes. how difficult it is to imagine how the british would have divided us to consolidate their power.
there's no such thing as a war on christianity. it's a war on ignorance and bigotry. it's just that religion, especially christianity can't survive without ignorance and bigotry. that's why they feel so attacked. cancelchristianity embeddedurl
rt tdshoemaker: angel's share, devil's cut - whiskey and religion. embeddedurl
niyillionaire difference is thanking god is based on belief. this story is factual. see how she didn't quote anything from her qur'an or make it about religion.she just grateful her aunt's "episode" saved their lives and they are glad. doesn't take away anything from those who lost theirs
brought to you by religion gang embeddedurl
rihanna popcaanmusic savagexfenty first of all .. we can stop this kind of cheap publicity .. anyway doesn't harm any religion... you can wear some cross or rosary for sanghis happy... but plz stop this kind of religious believe .. may be u don't know that's is god for some one ... be chill ..enjoy mam
dharmicphoenix lankanlad teddybearroose2 there was nothing to assume. you had replied saying “a religion with that many contradictions” to a person who very clearly mentions muslims contradicting themselves in regards to islam. we can read context.
vimalraishah ishkarnbhandari we had seen in telangana how bjp ended up winning with religion agenda
nowplaying losing my religion by lacuna_coil letsrock atlanticrock embeddedurl
drewsaskew 1689wolverine great. show me. and focus on those men with the giant churches taking money from people. i am an abuse survivor who still holds into faith in spite of how much religion was used to harm me.
just block them! they try to use religion to make them selves feel better abt supporting "the other asshole"the manwhore! the pornostar banging criminal that lies every time he opens his pie hole. i learned at an early age not to lie and have respect for people?cant do it for him embeddedurl
religion does not give you the answers, it stops you from asking the questions! get this shirt here: embeddedurl embeddedurl
rt alugoidris: larryangel08 fayacts haylesoflagos religion isn't even the problem... ignorance is. my pastor say, my alfa say
antidentite8 wasn’t the foundation of this religion based on removing caste divisions?
thank you president trump for... 1. best economy ever 2. lowest unemployment 3. tariffs that protect u.s. jobs 4. low corporate tax rates that brought jobs back 5. removal of regulations 6. the wall 7. protection of religion 8. expediting cure for covid 9. moving embassy
the religion of trump continues. these individuals are crazy, ignorant, racist and dangerous. votethemallout notrump embeddedurl
all religion is a form of madness! makes me mad! my dad said most the troops are all stationed in japan!
postdisclosure i agree. it would not upend society, cause traditional religion to collapse, cause mass panic, or anything of the sort.
michaelmegalymd in this situtiations i remember this saying where i heard in a conference "it is not a religion, change it".
lisamariechoko4 decoloresdan kasieelaine__ no pope has ever preached the gospel. and the entire organization goes in the same direction, and not just that, most of their teachings, clearly comes from the spirit of the antichrist. i pray one day you see it. religion and the gospel are very different messages.
johnnybgud64 stephenking religion is in the worst case a philosophy and a system of moral and ethical teachings. just because we don't think it's true it doesn't mean we have to be edgy and over-simplify it to just some silly fairytale
xenon_vulture the snare religion only grows (tysm gjdjdn)
amzignf my religion is so sad
thatkevinsmith i'm sure if he exists he will honor the deal because of dogma, you only really criticized the church and not religion itself :)
nature is my religion, earth is my temple.- quote embeddedurl embeddedurl
dmk blindly hate hindi & spreads lies of hindi imposition to fool & hoodwink tamils. no one can impose any language or religion on others. but no takers for tamil medium in tamilnadu?
cardinal turkson said the vatican doesn’t discuss salvation “in any group” because they’re multifaith. “it’s not to throw religion at them” but rather “takes the form of the church’s social teaching... the objective isn’t to provoke everyone to conversion” embeddedurl
going to hell in every religion
if god created the world and he knows the past, the present and future, because he all ready planned it. then why do we need religion?
rihanna rihanna you are spitting shit from your mouth. respect biggest democracy in the world, where even traitors are allowed to speak. don't spit venom it will make you ugliest. india is only country where every religion caste or creed live with respect and harmony despite diversity.
the_hindu how about a counter question - do stand up comedians don’t have any content other than politics and religion ? also, why is satanic verses still banned in the country?
ok i'm going to start out with the ones i mentioned. losing my religion - lacuna coil embeddedurl
nathansproul neilggiuliano rubengallego find a better religion
hello there? i'm lisa. for help in your assignments, dm me the details. prices are super friendly. i can handle essays on literature, history, sociology, psychology, criminology, religion and business papers on your chosen topics .try me! researchpaper assignments essayhelp embeddedurl
117sthandy docvestibule zayalaashira trashpandaftw repmtg repmarienewman i believe in christ and his teachings, i just don't believe in organized religion and the men who use it to gain wealth, power, money and control over others - especially women. and use it to excuse and spread their bigotry and hate. heretics abound.
jackandphryne nesamadrid rmasarthak condenm attacks?first of allthe ones who do these attacks are not muslim and are doing the opposite of what islam preaches. the ones who follow the religion live a peaceful life these terrorists are dolls created by the higher power to give islam a bad name. disagree, u braindead
manishtana this entire thing just has me boggling. where do people get the idea that they can tell someone else they're jewish or not based on appearance/name/something else that's completely unrelated to religion? i will never understand gatekeepers.
humanity is not the greatest religion. rather, islam is the greatest religion which teaches humanity! khushi9595 syed9422 drmahera552 missy_mona_ hayafat35967942 chandsiddiqui76 nurulsiddiqi ansari_anabiya_ asifsha2035548 rukhsarbegum0 khangirl_123
no matter what religion you belong to. we don't need a dictator. rejectmilitarycoup savemyammar milkteaalliance aseanrespectourvotes whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
the power of the memory hole: an entire generation of conservatives who unabashedly embrace "capitalism" as if there were not heated inter-right debates over whether it's wise for society to establish a religion out of the dollar. it's not just the left that selectively forgets
zack_b_nimble cdcgov you just believe the experts and their peer-reviewed research because they told you so. again, that's not science. that's religion. you're believing something without empirical justification, and ignoring what you don't want to believe, hiding behind an ad hoc standard for truth.
them always preaching religion but never practise what them preach and when you talk they change it to, you dont have respect,...you lack respect...ontop your own result....ahhhhhhsaveeksu
davidcsmalley goblinqchesh so learning about logic and academics and actual philosophy is cancer to you david? you argue it's better people stay ignorant, and just blindly follow what you say rather than apply logic and reason? huh, kind does sound like a religion to me you're pushing there.
they'd have to start with religion and they definitely not doing that embeddedurl
religion is never an excuse to be outwardly homophobic or transphobic. to the lgbt community, you are valid. your love is valid. you deserve all that is beautiful in the world. i’m so sorry you have to deal with all this bs.
navneet_tweets_ so called saviors of the religion are destroying
jamespmorrison watch what you say for it could be dajavue for you! being a conservative is better than being a nonbeliever on many morals of american culture. the erosion of religion and morals is the reason for america’s degeneration of its principals
pancakesjkjm itsmojojojo247 see how the narrative changes. first cult & when that falls, harp on religion. lmao. religion promotes love & harmony. it is a dangerous path you are treading. stfu. do some research and then come back with facts. weirdo
let's pray for the virus to go, l have learnt that i can't be in one place like this. i cherish my freedom of movement, association, assembly, expression, religion. what are you missing?
lindaever4 that one and the "atheism is a religion", bores me to no end. so unoriginal etc....
kanhira mankopnn sarahkalidasi are let me ask the question differently, according to who, dharma trancends religion?
hinduism is the most scientific religion of the world. asthana yoga is a living proof. which says there is spiritual progress of of the devotee . you start with following some rules then reach to the blissful state of samadhi to realize god . अष्टांगयोग embeddedurl
heartrn13 haha. thanks. i appreciate it. ya, i feel like most of the things that messed me up came from that religion. i would have made very different choices without it.
"religious freedom is under attack in the iowa statehouse," writes iowa_atheists, one of our affiliates, about the influx of christian nationalist bills that weaponize religion and try to undermine church/state separation. embeddedurl embeddedurl
gen z is deconstructing religion and finding faith - vice embeddedurl - fascinating read
maziisi_okwu mobilepunch the problem is religion.
viniwash3r3 prettyxpisces stephanielesh87 itsjojosiwa well no. homosexuality has always been illegal in the bible, same as all abrahamic religions such as islam and judaism. christianity is also an abrahamic religion.
iam_presider it's like religion bro...hardly to convince them to believe in what you believe in.
this has nothing to do with religion but politics in state cricket association. unfortunately wasim bhai was at right place but wrong time. embeddedurl
iammarkmanson and jordanbpeterson join me to discuss the sacrifices parents make for their young, growing up, the decentering effects of social media, and religion. you may know mark from his book ‘the subtle art of not giving a f*ck’. embeddedurl
shima_f64 aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil chantaladasilva omarjadwat usabehfarsi neal_katyal this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil chantaladasilva omarjadwat aayoub neal_katyal potus
kipro_hon hello meanwhile i can get you books in pdf format at a very cheap price. personal development/inspirational, religion, finance, law, medical, love, novels, history etc i will get them for you within minutes. for inquiries and purchase, please dm
and tbh the north has caused the problems of the north because we mask everything in culture and religion. not holding our leaders accountable because of same tribe or religion. absolute rubbish
can you imagine it? this entire religion is centralised in policing women, prohibiting them from manifesting feminine beauty. an institution built entirely of misogynist insecure incel energy. embeddedurl
ocpatriot123 we are oppressed, brown, different religion - definitely treated differently than whites, you saw that with the capital break-in. go into a congressional office, steal a laptop, advertised it, got arrested and then sent home. never would have happened to someone black or brown
"religion, celebrity, twitter – it's all the same rules" - lucifer summing up my academic research, essentially embeddedurl
like broo, thag niqqa could start a cult or religion and it would have been 3rd in the world behind christianity and islam
check out this listing i just added to my poshmark closet: true religion distressed black skinny jeans. embeddedurl shopmycloset poshmarkapp
the only religion i follow embeddedurl
it’s so crazy how ass is like a religion now. booty shakin has become life.
on this day in 1633, galileo arrived in rome to face charges of heresy after promoting the idea that earth revolves around the sun. astoundingly, some claim that religion was responsible for many of history’s scientific advances. let’s check this claim. embeddedurl
cmon! no religion, no rules, no work. pure belief = instant acceptance embeddedurl
reprashida this is clearly discrimination based on religion and is illegal. gop house members should be charged and held responsible. but by god, they are such fu*king idiots.
casspa “oh life, is bigger it's bigger than you and you are not me the lengths that i will go to the distance in your eyes oh no i've said too much i set it up “ - losing my religion , rem.
our friends gdigm’s bfffestival exists to champion filmmakers & actors of all walks of life, regardless of gender, size, race, religion, or ability.interested in throwing yr hat into the ring?submissions are officially open until may 4, 2021. embeddedurl seeitbeit
people continue to cut buddha and hindu gods heads of as decor is so disrespectful like idk imagine someone doing that to ur religious god like i’m done how y’all treat religion embeddedurl
nux_taku bro we would be living on other planets by now if it wasn't for religion
science is religion, for religion is science. angelic entities perpetuate light, for what is similar repels, demonic entities absorb the perpetuated, for opposites attract. this exchange manifests our very destinies on earth, for energy extenuates through matter where it matters.
religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as useful. - seneca
religion is a crutch for the troubled mind. embeddedurl
freedom from religion foundation asks federal emergency management authority to immediately revoke grant of about $1.2m to city of versailles for a new building to double as emergency shelter and a church. ^jb embeddedurl
rebekahglenn warrtiffany this!!!!! my mom was treated like this growing up, & made sure to let me know i could hang out with who ever i wanted no matter their religion. because of it i have one of my absolute best friends still in my life since 2nd grade.
fitfounder making shit up and calling it science is the new religion
you’re watching a religion be created right before your eyes embeddedurl
reuters this is a discriminatory statement. why we need to use religion in this frase.
stop forcing people to participate in your religion in public spaces!!! embeddedurl
even rank and file democratic voters oppose this. why does party leadership keep trying to impose their religion on the rest of us, because that seems to be what abortion is to them: a sacrament. embeddedurl
quality or quantity - bad religion nowplaying embeddedurl
kenroth no matter what is our religion. no matter what is our sexual intention. we only want the same thing. it is democracy. we need justice feb19coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
greyolle_ pay us to do your assignment in mathematics statistics actuarial science political science history sociology philosophy psychology statistics mathematics criminology computer science and it religion business international relations embeddedurl expertwritergmail.com
there are many small & big temple where both hindu as well as buddhist pray together. however distorted/moulded concept of buddhism along with hindu hate give rise to ambedker's religion which he called as " navayan"which deny basic tenets of buddhism what to speak of practices
humanity is my religion embeddedurl
ckuck this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil ilhanmn omarjadwat rashidatlaib neal_katyal embeddedurl
"religion and science are typically thought of as being like oil and water: they don’t mix well." ethics morality embeddedurl
deeneis51570082 ndtv ... and end up finding their own religion the best. this biasness is just because of the fact that the people are indoctrinated right from the birth to such an extent that they hardly get anything to consider.
why they attack only hindu religion?? who say to do like this and why?? miya khalifa, rihanna, greatta all ladies know what farming is?? embeddedurl
thomaslhorrocks true religion is protecting the vulnerable. jesus always put the dignity of life ahead of "religion," by healing on the sabbath, etc . "go and learn the meaning of the words, 'i desire empathy, not piety, and knowledge of god rather than religiosity.'"
rt wendellalbright: mjs_dc be right back, setting myself up as a religion.
_future_ghost_ really so it’s basic human rights to force churches to hire gay and trans people that completely goes against their religion oh and you love muslims so much too well that’s also against their religion and tech little kids that trans is okay really?
so, i’m sharing these two verses not to shove religion down ppls throats, instead i am remembering the songs i sang during my childhood that had these verses in them. embeddedurl
nalydelrey hahahahahahaha ye i did, also ur so wrong for thinking like this bb i think ur the one who’s close minded cuz u just can’t accept the fact that i’m committed to my religion and i don’t support lgbtq i don’t have to and no one can tell me otherwise argue with the wall xoxo
muslims & christians can no longer be allowed to push their religion on others, nor allowed to proclaim through loudspeakers or in any other way, that theirs is the only god & only way. what they’ve been doing in bharat is not secular or pluralistic, it’s supremacist & dangerous.
sanskarsahu8 desi_epicurus sydusm hvgoenka sohirajendra ok, i'm totally against politics on religious beliefs. but who is using religion for politics ? embeddedurl
formerlycbm this new progressivism is a religion and a national identity. put those two together and nobody wants dissent.
sankahersi mihrthakar look at you. what’s my religion?
buzi1792 it's a tendency that spread all over the world after the 19th c. changing the focus from religion and language to actual descent and later on genetics. a totally modern perception of identity.
you are more than welcome. but religion is not important, how you live is more important, your values, what gives you joy and what makes you uncomfortable are attributes that define you, not your religion. waise andhbhakton ki sikhism mein bhi koi kami nahi. embeddedurl
the relationship between religion and government has changed dramatically just in the last 100 years. whatever the balance between exemptions and general laws ought to be, the balance must be struck with today in mind not 1789 or 1868. it is almost insane i have to tweet this.
there's a degree of religion among non-muslim minorities, however, malaysians who identify as non-religious have led government officials and police to threaten and deny their right to express atheism under the malay constitution. read our report here: embeddedurl embeddedurl
alordiahsamson zamaniwally kusssman shey make we drag am?? you've taken it to religion, i'm talking about practical work like we're doing now. we can't say we want an end to bad governance just by sitting at home and shouting. we need to hit the streets like we are doing now, make our grievances known. no be crime
breenewsome religion spoils what could otherwise be a very pleasant world
that the discipline of family life should be observed and that religion should be obeyed; that a high standard of morality should prevail, both in public and private life; that justice should be held sacred and that no one should injure another with impunity
enews what puzzles me is that people are tweeting that chrisbharrison is being attacked? pardon me? what if race wasn’t an issue? what if it was sexual preference or religion? you’d send him to the dogs same way. gracemyass
richarddawkins exactly! this is why religion is not a force for good in the world.
wap is a religion now, jake makes the rules.
like, i’m not religious and i don’t have a particular faith, but her way of discussing it is done cleverly, with a fragility and a progressiveness that i think is so needed when we talk about religion. so, in short, i still stan cj tudor.
another reason to despise professional hater marjorietaylorgreene who conflates fundie religion, her personal beliefs and politics and makes psychological and legal assessments she is unqualified to make voteherout embeddedurl
still_birdy i hate how they’re both using religion to prolong this shitty situation. he’s gaslighting her & she’s just being pathetic at this point
sharmandi:- mom mai aapko mom kyu bolta hu. her mom:- kyuki tu angrez gora ka cde hai beta. sharmandi:- mom hindu religion me caste kyu hai. her mom:- taaki tum jaise bacche paida hote hi paisa kama ske or dusro ko apne niche rakhe. embeddedurl
theliz13 there are conference talks with the prophet calling for us to end the diseases of poverty, hunger, and racism. like... this is literally the religion. a majority vote in favor of helping everything. it's a choice.
jane63379289 karlabreu physicisttx thedrmelissa rossgilroy johnkrahn2 pray2pesci blackswans8 globalist13903 zypisfy smug2bme willsworldview brianslimdog77 jools6691 lincolngrox andrewrchapman cern_lxxl yourmomspants1 simples18790446 oohglobbits5 splintersimba praisehisname50 cleisthenes5 wolfpak561 markthorsby1 pg13scottwatson bbrown24646528 verniejim discojerrys boudiceaall simple_shaman imkimaaron smokeystafford kitemanargues falchion14 realist_dragon realliously zapher134 buggford kenrdkab mike73641430 mikenedie jakepizorno tcunderdahl horusrage jasonmc08352085 tripleoxymoron tklforgiven geraldpayne25 tarik_ebu the emotional scars created by or because of religion impact each person in different ways that are unique to each as an individual. some people find it more difficult, and not only because the nature of the scars tend to vary -- being excluded from a community is always awful.
hecatart is it possible to change religion and become a part of this one?
religious fancy dress costume and fake religion with anything goes for money stop secularism embeddedurl
funshographix my dear this tweet is amazing, religion made minority of africans to lost their sense of reasoning well and proper consciousness.
cdn333 i am bisexual, latino, anti religion but not atheist, nudist, vegan who is into body piercings and tattoos.
thundersparker zoo_bear smritiirani befittingfacts so if your so secular why the state witnessed a religion flag instead tiranga?? why is a religion flag used if so secular!?
much of the mainstream see us as sticks in the mud, hide-bound to a stupid religion. why not light a tailored torch for them, letting them see what we see everyday on social media..../(16)
a_circling_sol yeah, what exactly is the w for men there? i mean, if it was a "religion freedom w's" account maybe that would make sense.
rt misskwegah1: susan's thoughts: religion vs. politics ⁦skwegah⁩ embeddedurl
william54404397 fakecrisis19 tooronlists mormons aren't real its a made up religion.
grace_segers if granting everyone equal status infringes on religious liberties, then your religion is a thing of hate that doesn't belong in a modern democratic nation. i'm sure jesus said to love thy neighbour unconditionally. maybe try that.
unpopular opinion but leaving religion is probably one of the best things i could’ve done for myself
religion christians capitolriots domesticterrorists embeddedurl
problem_solvent 19thnews most christians in south carolina are not cathokic, they are protestant. it is *almost* a completely different religion. most protestants do not believe catholics are true christians bc the bible says jesus is the only way to god.
ameyaorpe mindukaur son_of_punjaab jamie_margolin licypriyak (1/2)following your root theory of religion, i want to ask if a child is born in a hindu family, grows there and then moves to kashmir, gets influenced by extremists and changes religion, participates in a bomb blast, would you call him a hindu terrorist? obviously no right?
new quran:“willyoustillnotcontemplate?” when you fall asleep,what remains from your whatdoyou experience during your sleep? ahmedhulusi_q embeddedurl embeddedurl sufism islam religion ahmedhulusi universe cosmos brain reality allah embeddedurl
kris_muurphy change absolutely not. this gets rid of facts and objective standards, forces kids to identify race, sexual orientation, religion, and other categories at young ages, has no room for competing hypotheses or views, and will result in mass polarization.
foxnews the west must understand that obedience to the king and crown prince is a love that we bring closer to god, an essential part of the islamic religion.the west must stay away from the distinction between the ruler and the governed in the name of freedom and democracy. embeddedurl
sarahsabyss jayseternal muslim isn’t a culture it’s a religion how do you block a group without even understanding the most basic things-
jaketapper so she believes in the right to bear arms but not freedom of religion??? so what is she “partial” american??? wtf!! if you defend the constitution you defend it in it’s entirety not just what’s convenient for you!!!!
lgbtrightsghana freedom of religion is also human rights, practicing our culture is our rights as humans, our tradition is our rights as humans but someone pushing their culture’s foolishness on u and u are stupid enough to accept is not human rights.
tomthunkitsmind betterw05759703 actually, they’ve been killing others under the guise of religion forever...
kriram4 masaldose nayanikaaa meenaharris there's not a thing she said that is hinduphobic. stop bringing religion into this.
people coming at you for being "proship" is not harassment. harassment occurs when people target you over something like your race, sexuality, or religion. harassment is not people being vocally disgusted with you getting your rocks off to incest. that's called consequences.
philrosealves mkgenest we are not talking religion here earthling we are talking ethics they are not the same the alien gnome nation will decide
odinson1990 abbri2016 gurn_blanston rhachels potus nevermind! some atheist lacks common knowledge this days. they have more anger for religion than common knowledge.
roflbaba v hv lot of such privileges in ipc/constitution bcoz we wnt sharia all over globe & property disputes r in hindu families & holy religion hv no such disputes as girls hv freedom to wear burka & produce 'n' number of kids where n is directly proportional to no of gents in family
sahloul if you are a guest and we say pedophilia is not allow because it is no matter what religion with old barbarics though. we should respect what is allow it not for children safety. .
this is the classic example of the degree to which rational consciousness has reached in country. no wonder if they say narendramodi is an incarnation of god religion facing an embarrassing time today. many babas do not want to be held accountable even after wearing khaavi! embeddedurl
osemedeton 6ftgenie funny part is, by this logic, you're assuming all religions are true right? because they all spew this bullshit but can never provide any proof. you only think you're different because you were born into christianity. that's how religion spreads. indoctrination and gullibility.
tanvishukla thanks tanvi mam jii..... 4 the update. god is one.. we should always respect god of all religion. if we dis-respect god (any religion), we r actually dis-respecting.... god of our religion only.... as 'god is one'.... people call from diff names but is 'one' jii.
blockchain is about science, don’t make it a religion.
rt _ambmarie: nonconformity, aliens/space, the pervasiveness of white supremacy, why i turned away from religion
(related: roko's basilisk. it's a weird thought experiment involving blackmail that arose out of discussions of how exactly a formal decision theory should avoid being vulnerable to blackmail. it wasn't someone trying to create a religion around an evil ai they wanted to exist!)
rahulgandhi when was narendra modi serious about anything concerning the country except for spreading hatred and violence and dividing people on the basis of religion.
rt bhupend83259663: multiple religion embeddedurl
left_armfast navinnishanth chhabs livelawindia primevideo aparna1502 gemsofbollywood if they mock their religion, should we also allow that in our country where not just mock but also trying to create fissures or trying to exploit some fault lines in society as well? check the gems of bollywood to understand how deep and old the rot is
patriottakes actually, feels more like so-called religion is attacking us
atheistic_1 scepticalaussie abdi_rahmanz exmuslimsorg how can then apply that subjective moral values to someone who lived 1400 years ago? funny, you despise religion. these western laws originally come from religions. the usa supreme court sees prophet muhammad a.s as one of the greatest lawgivers.
rt innxmxrxmxnto: my religion embeddedurl
dear chutiya jhasanjay millions of indians have,has,had tough childhood. they don't start abusing majority religion or you mean they should for parity sake or you mean it is freedom of speech only when you abuse faith of majority? why you have lost common sense? logic? embeddedurl
mobilepunch so we should clap for you? when some of those who donated for the jet, can barely feed one square meal a day. all these business men using religion to cash in.
socialm85897394 i despair totally now of this country. the whole blm culture has caused more harm to racial harmony than anything else and destroyed the country. as for religion this so called chaplain should be sacked. he has also destroyed his c of e followers beliefs forever
unscriptedpoet prince70565720 valencehall lgbtrightsghana bridget_otoo this... right here should be the end of this debate. as it stands now, anyone engaging in the act of lgbtq is a criminal and the laws of ghana will deal with u mercilessly. our traditions and religion(s) is against it. if you don’t understand, that’s your own cup of tea. we move
i find it interesting the harping of religious freedom from republicans but they want to govern by religion and base laws on religion. religious freedom is in a nutshell freedom from the religious beliefs of others to live as you choose not as others choose
if you have been practicing a religion for years and you are not loving towards people, ogbeniii you are missing something...
jaddukrishnamurti religion philosophy embeddedurl
shruti45029314 harjasd1123 ndtv pmoindia incindia wen someone asks u to fix the brake u learned to make the horn louder! that happens wen u spent tym eating cow dungs instead of rice. spreading religion as fascism is not the big brain lil girl! let's put this talk to end. if u want more dm instead wasting comment section.
temple is not only about a certain religion. it is about art, history, culture. it is the soul of this community in many ways: sadhgurujv, isha foundation, tells navika kumar. missed it? watch franklyspeakingwithsadhguru at 10 am & 8 pm. embeddedurl
important to take the religion back from hindtuva thugs. they don't own it. embeddedurl
-nicknames: murph | queen c | streamer thot -gender: female -occupation: online influencer -age: 21 -voice type: californian -religion: atheism -diet: omnivore -blood type: a+
tetovari fvoiceofalbania there is freedom in religion no?! and there is nowhere in quran detailed how the head coverage should look like. for example why you do not promote the albanian style 'shami'? what would be problem with that?
world deals with first reality, feeding your family, finding shelter, etc. it has been said that one reason people became civilized is that, "were it not for religion men would not behave properly."
the difference between religion and culture is solely and exclusively that religion deals with "transcendent reality" and culture deals with "temporal reality". to say that wokeness is "a religion" is just to say that culture has similarities to religion, which... yeah? embeddedurl
what has happened in america, christians have to know this is wrong. when did christians decide slapping their own religion in the face with irony and blasphemy would be a good strategy for developing their hypocritical brand? embeddedurl
mitchsingz sodiq_abubakri1 ibukunoluwhar mfaarees_ you are a bigger terrorist if u supply terrorists weapons and support. nobody holy passs. terrorism is has no religion
communism is an organised religion embeddedurl
india is the only country that give more rights to the people who divided it for their religion. the original people remained second class citizens in terms of religious freedom, institutions, property, family & other special rights. a grave reality which is now normalised!
the political party i now lead is the first in ethiopia that is not based on race, religion, or ethnicity. embeddedurl
*bismillahirrahmannirrahim* i am happy with allah as my lord, islam as my religion and muhammad sallallahu alaihi wasallam as my prophet.* *sunan ibn maja, book 34, 3870- hasan* *sahih ibn hibban, 870* embeddedurl embeddedurl
theologyjeremy good. breaking the rules is unacceptable in this time of crisis. faith needs no walls; religion only requires churches to control the masses.
instagram music isn't available in your religion
soru_kamala suntharv religion isn’t the same as culture though. there is no christian culture; it differs amongst different groups
forks happen in crypto and religion
wisdom_theory religion = politics = psychology = biology
the_stasia_bug you and i need to talk religion again lol
dr. swamy39 jee : java princess in indonesia becomes a hindu (july 2017) indonesia princess says that sanatana dharma is the original religion in indonesia. “i have not adopted a new religion but i have rejoined back to my religion again." embeddedurl embeddedurl
i'll just delete the previous tweets, i'm sorry if i offended you once again. i just want you to know that i respect your feelings and religion. take care. stay safe.
highimpactflix religion's frm man~belief is frm god 4us~i believe in jesus christ~i & my heavenly father abhore religion~repetitive act vs genuine gift frm the heart in love u rather ur child give u art ea day 7~or surprise u their will?tradition can comfort~yet2run wild&free w jesus is rich!
dancrenshawtx she will lie. she is racist & there are videos from when she was harassing a fellow moc abt her religion, david hogg while carrying concealed, saying the pentagon wasn’t hit by a plane & enjoying her time w/racist katie hopkins... and calling q a patriot. embeddedurl
how sad your whole existence is, when you bring religion in, for justifying your jealously embeddedurl
bilbocheston rcamposduffy repmaxinewaters why are you brining up maxine waters, this was a post about religious freedom? very strange choice, since she is an elected gov't official and not a religion. nor is climate change, that is a scientific fact, not religion. you make no sense.
rt artistsbuzz: “music is my religion.” - jimi hendrix embeddedurl
religion breeding terrorism? imagine my surprise embeddedurl
couples or those looking for a potential partner, which one could you tolerate? difference in religion or difference in political views? why?
rocar_therapy i don’t have a religion so wrong again embeddedurl
i'm at the poolside of this hotel in abeokuta having an early drink and some staff have the guile to tell me they have their morning devotion here so i have to move elsewhere,i told them jesus christ will hv to come down b4 i move an inch. prioritizing religion ova a customer?
nobody: my mom with her very interesting mix of feminism and religion based misogyny: "listen i need you to hurry up and finish your postgraduate so you can have you own independence and also bring honor to your husband and sons" me: embeddedurl
rt inductivist: inductivist: which religion has the most forgiving people? embeddedurl
pohonyangdamai free_zoomer 2larryjohnson7 zeitgiest has been debunked thoroughly. the only reason you're so anti bible is because you're a frustrated bati boi looking for validation, but it won't happen. society, science, and religion has shunned you for your choices and you're upset.
unless you’re one of the select few involved in my secret gay religion, in which case: continue your offerings (love and attention) at least once per week, lest i unleash chaos upon the world (cry)
j.k. rowling seems to be (mis)represented as a monster who must be managed for her “terf” heresies against mankind by a corporate-funded, mainstreamed cult of misogyny where transgenderism, transforming into a new state religion, reigns over all rights, especially women’s rights. embeddedurl
rt jalber786: my religion is mango loco embeddedurl
“stop using religion as a cover for fascism” - meena harris.
ff_fanster thunderheadfan ggforthepeople mara_revived return_carriage spinningby beninbiloxi peachyinnj thecheekyginger heather3e8i8 flora_lola_nyc rhinoreally dire_wolves kacey325 matryoskadoll ndreajess michellem femmescarlet benjenthegreat rorivas8 like_h2o tiffmc1013 grania64156311 houseisborgia bitter_still oreginal49ers leifnanna luckydevilgaia brettmargheim stephen_hunley tiredinor4now pissyrabbit hellcatbruce sirgoldenrod ghboysdad crankypatriot1 eminently_me5 ctll033 mariebgee teebledeebledee caveatofcass alysson jemezstargazer karri_kemyst seyseymer benofb bluesteeldc maraundercover needle_of_arya oh yeah there’s a whole contingent of antivaxxers who refuse to vaccinate their kids for public school. they just sign a “religion exemption” even though pretty much all the time it has nothing to do religion.
bellestruts imo organized religion is primarily about preserving power -- generally *male* power, often *white male* power, and frequently *old white male* power.
christianity isn’t so much a religion as it is a way of living...in the early days of the church it was known as “the way”. true worship is living god’s way...everything else is just ritual. life is best lived fulfilling god-given purpose...make it a great life! embeddedurl
mhdksafa yes to all, they’re a person as opposed to a color, religion or ethnic group.
ukun_newyork bwoodward_un prevention is equally as important as intervention of terrific events. remember 1988 uprising where thousands of students and monks lost their lives regardless of age, gender and religion. lets not forget the history. lets not forget bloodshed and condemned deeds of dictators.
llavandulla i agree. christians believe that jesus is the one true son of god. just learned that civil religion will be added to the list of religious affiliations such as christian, judaism , islam, buddhism, hinduism, shinto, etc. atheist. civil religion now a choice. belief in god only.
everywhere in europe race, sexuality, religion are used as 'jokes'. slurs are used a lot too. quite often when confronted people will say you are making it too big of a deal, that it's humour and then try to convince you that you're the problem. it's normalized but so wrong
zkarlinn why is someone’s religion or who they might love such political issues. should we be worrying about those needing help,food or other kinds of help that this administration is trying to do.
i'm doing french religion as well why did i do this to myself,,,,
i’m getting tired of our religion being used for aesthetic purposes literally shut the fuck up embeddedurl
drfarha35280289 this is happening in islamic republic of pakistan? no matter what a woman is a symbol of dignity in our religion.the invigilator could have easily stood by her side to see if she was cheating or not. no need of humiliating anyone was needed to prevent cheating
i only make fun of religion so much cause i know i’m going to hell, tough being on the outside sometimes
what about those bodies in suitcases..and getting these girls ravaged by their friends and relatives after deceiving them with false identity and trying to get safety in the name of their religion..even sanctioning the marriage with minors! thequint ...it's not a privacy issue embeddedurl
leofsaldanha tejasvi_surya mmhonlumokikon bjp is uniting hindus beyond caste and religion. if you have still did not see it happening remember and understand 2014 and 2019.time to forget caste and religion from mind and at system one fine day brother.
rt mwwathome: what is the religion of secular humanism and atheists all about? will they persecute us? embeddedurl
bajiplease these hadith (authenticity not knwn) circulates in our societies thru some high school dropout mullahs. they r best for teaching us fear, hate, sins & doomsday.we end up with depressions. i blv every religion teaches about love, happiness, well being as wel.
mikaylaacrum midchristian444 is christianity about behavior reformation like every other religion?
silversprings00 gshah30 swati_gs i repeat, best meaning of secularism is from us 1st amendment "congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion nor prohibiting the free exercise thereof" religious beliefs (while 99% bs imho) aren't the biz of the state as long as actions don't violate law
once again ted showed his fake religion when he lied about his reasons, his family, and to work on the beach. why do these people keep getting elected? who is so stupid they want him in the senate?? there must be something in texas that sane people don’t see. embeddedurl
rt scepticdust: religion... answer one question honestly and the whole thing falls apart embeddedurl
iam_a_khurrana alok_bhatt khalsaaid_india i know many people many groups and many agencies provided help to those in need. but they don’t and never segregate the needy on the basis of religion or caste. everything is good, except for the brackets and the words within it. we need to open up our thoughts, don’t (thought).
saumya_miishra hindu religion is designed to unite. abrahamic religions right from judaism are designed to exclude. but unless they accept coexistence as equals there will always be trouble.
vizekonig peterdaou lol what?? i was talking about your proposal to ban religion. you clearly don’t care about human rights or the constitution.
thebipolar2003 ksorbs religion is the main polarizing factor for this whole power struggle. you've got this all backwards.
skylark_design bethmetaluk larry_tietjen1 drgrowchy ginacarano there were no warnings. she was counseled under pressure of woke mobism exercising cancel culture blueterror. while disney ignored nazi imagry for 4 years, it suddenly excommunicated her for not bending knee to woke narrative hocus-pocus / religion.
saharareporters yoruba muslims sweating profusely trying to remember where and when they had this meeting. this is one of those using religion to divide and destroy our political and national cohesiveness. he should be named, shamed and ignored.
joycemeyer ok will now tell my my teaching into what will teach my self in religion. you just first one! scope and school of atheist in atheism. "the eye of reality of self when only able to see reality in own eye that have no touch to god as reality of others who see." mind eye
if you have girlfriend / boyfriend other religion. to bhaeee tm ek dusre ka ullu bana rahe ho.
gretathunbergexposed any canada ,uk,usa will agitate indian sikh in these countries will be punished by other indian in canada uk and usa bcoz india is one and jivan is not a religion
what is the essence of a religion when it is not preaching love and peace?
eyymorri not to make this thread about him bc you made very valid points about the original issue, but let's not forget the comments he's made about how religion can cure autism, ms, and depression, as well as his kickstarter bullshit.
dear your lord wherever you are, you are the ambassador of your religion embeddedurl
religion_end only two episodes left the eighth episode of marvel studios' wandavision is now streaming on disneyplus. reply stop to opt-out. embeddedurl
aaypeee bharadwajspeaks anindian24 scholarships should strictly be based on merit and financial condition. religion should have nothing to do with it. that's what i believe people might differ from my opinion
rakeshcare1127 ailiazehra no such such orders for hindus n other religion except the two
true meditation is a practical way of connecting with god. each one of us can practice it irrespective of our gender, age, caste, creed, race, nationality or religion. powerofmeditation embeddedurl
whoisanapaulaa i have a 4- (d-) in religion. the rest is 4 (d) and up. not that bad but also not great.
vonderboch jeffnapper204 laurenboebert mattgaetz the pledge of allegiance doesn’t mention the bible, only god, god as in the god of your religion, if you have one. you are pledging you allegiance to the republic which is the united states of america by virtue of the flag which it stands for.
hatered from the childhood in pakistan, no wonder why they get brainwashed easily and do terrorism on the name of religion. embeddedurl
religion of hipocrite mohmahfudmd majelisulamaid muipusat kemenag_ri dpr_ri itjen_kemdikbud kemkominfo polhukamri kemendagri_ri jokowi nadiemmakarim kemdikbud_ri na_dirs divhumas_polri??? embeddedurl
richarddawkins you do have a point. there's a similar problem with india and i think it may be to do with religion. if you except the totally impossible to be possible then you are more likely to believe anything.
timesofindia we know the difference between intentional hurt and unintentional hurt. why don't you do your unintentional hurt to your own religion? hindus become easy targets. secularism ? secular media and police? bah.
rt stmbkna_: kaoru in glasses is my new religion embeddedurl
mwilliamsxdx miakhalifa the whole world knows what is the religion of terrorism and don't worry one day we will liberate you from the atrocities of islam and also from this hijab.
rt lunarwitchhh: chaoticgoodwtch the u.s. is just more sneaky and secretive about sneaking religion and indoctrination in there
are uk willing 2 die for those christians? do uk really feel fly in true religion?:man_facepalming_medium-dark_skin_tone::man_facepalming_medium-dark_skin_tone:
all religions preach about love & peace. all religions condemn war & dictatorship. now, people from every religion come together as one and they are protesting peacefully hand in hand. haer our voice whatshappeninginmyanmar feb9coup embeddedurl
theoverseas irishflwr84 taylorgarron i agree that religion has a purpose. yet it is not the “end-all-be-all” for morality. religious does not equal morality, and being nonreligious is not a reason people are amoral.
you're the artist of your life. don't hand the paintbrush to shaitaan.:eight-pointed_star: islam__religion_of__ethics embeddedurl
n!ggas get one pair of true religion jeans and wear that mf till it’s start lying
(28:15) and he entered the city at a time of unawareness of its people, and he found there two men fighting, - one of his party (his religion - from the children of israel), and the other of his foes. the man of his (own) party asked him for help against his foe, so mus... quran
gopleader ca_dem cagop kevin: place nation over party. your religion over the lies. be a leader. embeddedurl
arcadeoutpost digitalis_dude micheal_olainn miricaeoo the lunatics on the right hate people just because of their colour or religion. sad. immigration should be controlled but not stopped. where are you from?
this is my simple religion. there is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness. - dalai lama
abmajidbello daily_trust you may need to recheck the meaning of blasphemy. it's a pity if you choose to view issues only through the narrow prism of religion without any consideration for the wellbeing of humanity in general.
saharareporters nigeria jaga jaga , everything scatter scatter. nonsense,,,na religion we dey vote
mr_chuckie16 mmpadellan that article is clearly written for tiny little brains that conflate a single government's actions and a global religion. so, nothing on the record here, spunky.
ohhletmec norrinr06303580 jpq1999 tmz fox411 false i have no religion and still wear one because i don’t wanna give my money to some greedy person exploiting me just cuz i got horny one night it’s common sense
rt vjack: does religion have any role in morality in 21st century? • skeptical science embeddedurl religion morality
audaciousquest_ sc is 100% true. it has itself made it clear 'who can' and 'who cannot' divide society on lines of caste and religion. sanjay singh cannot, simply because he is not made for dividing society and he doesnt even try to do so. but i still doubt if thats what sc said.
thanks to every fandom... humanity is biggest religion!! save sujits mother life
dailymailuk well we know who the hate is coming from.....if anyone in the media wants to say it...perhaps mention to sadiqkhan how the hateful religion is treating this woman
rt wobski421: redamberblack j0nhyde i'm a catholic, it's against my religion. that's a fact.
meenaharris hi howdy modi hello trump huge collaboration uthar putin and what not for racism cate religion and everything that only for vote and behind of here is huge scam embeddedurl thanks usa to shake recism next will be russia
epub free the diversity of nonreligion: normativities and contested relations (routledge studies in religion) -&gt; embeddedurl
immak02 this bas... ard munnawar is mocking hindus who have been burnt alive ... by his pissful religion ! embeddedurl
johnhere10 joramvklaveren youtube so? i know that islam is not an original religion. it is composed of the abrahamic and pagan religions in the region. but why is this relevant? i dont care about christianity or the trinity doctrine? maybe you also want to say something about jainisme? be my guest.
vespa_girl numbersmuncher “christian” is a brand and not a religion.
// religion mane christianity is metal asf ion why the conservatives like it so much
ishy64 ooh so then that turns into a whole other issue. see many outlets like to portray the government as christian based when in fact less than 40% of the population practice the religion so even if it is seen as a sin it should not have an influence. that is why gay and trans (1/2)
samklef anyone that votes for either apc or pdp deserves to die by hanging, our mumu don do, look at canada look at america look at yankee dem come use religion tie us down dey treat person like monkey.
thepolllady ani i know your religion thats stupidity
faizashaheen bbcwomanshour emmabarnett zaram01 bbcsounds a valid and important question, especially in the shadow of a male-dominated religion which so often treats females as secondary (or even property). the "female imam" question is actually benign. the inability or unwillingness to answer reveals much about the state of islam.
we can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection. i want to use this opportunity to say happy valentine's day to everyone. let love lead, because the greatest of all is love embeddedurl
iamsophianelson they are animals! how could you do this to another human being???? race, color nor religion matter. how could you find it in your souls to think it’s ok to murder someone?
bitcoin is scarce, and as a monetary network that fixes a big problem in societytrust, it becomes something like a religion that reinforces itself. as more people believe in it, they convince others and more people join. soon you will see the whole world accepting it. btc
returnofr none of them play anymore or had become a shit as like bad religion which should have changed its name since 1996 “the gray race”, the last one audible today i would like to see the french zaz and her excellent big band live, but not pay thousands embeddedurl
religion is a cancer. embeddedurl
muftimenk are there books you want to read but you can’t get? i can get them for you in pdf format at a very affordable price.inspirational,political,medical,business,science,engineering,love,religion,history.i will get them for you within minutes. to purchase please dm
kunalpurohit reallyswara so u found religion of comedian ?? then please find out religion of murderers of rinku sharma
regularhker bbcr4sunday the ones leaving are the financial advantaged or politically persecuted , or both. as happens globally. you may not have noticed by china is “communist”, open religion is persecuted.
inside the altar of a voodoo priest. videoproduction documentary malmo sweden realworldphotographs sony travel haiti voodoo priest photojournalism video stock footage travelphotography garymoorephotography realworldtelevision history photography religion hai embeddedurl
ambassadorrice andykimnj from ethiopia,tigray region:- ethiopian and eritrean soliders are killing innocent peoples,destructing huge industries ,fuctories,houses,religion houses. and now also, they are going to tekeze dam to destroy totally. please give your help before tigray peoples are destroyed.
women guru issue will splinter iskcon hare krishna religion mirrorred by... embeddedurl via youtube
tedavid93 therealhoarse but americans love their religion. they love it almost as much as they love grease on their bacon-filled faces, ads on their sporting events, and dope in their overworked arteries. embeddedurl
b£ing human is not human. is bullywood, power&money above the law?jiah awaits justice for more than 7yrs now narendramodi ji pls bring in law reform.. serve justice..fast track old cases.. pls dont mix religion& politics! happy birthday jiah khan justiceforsushantsinghrajput
jake doing namjoon's parts is my religion
shepululu fisayosoyombo they struck one of their own? are you sure the video wasn't doctored? i don't think a yoruba person would strike another yoruba person on account of religion.
she and i went on the run, don't care about religion i'm gonna marry the woman i love
slate gas stoves are the most effective and efficient way to cook food. the attack on them has nothing to do with danger to health or danger, but is a requirement of the "catastrophic global warming" religion.
shitlibtakes some ppl are really out here applying some awful book to every aspect of life just like christians, imagine if in 200 years people treat harry potter like a religion
rt admiralaegis: "accept what you are told. do not analyze. do not investigate." leftists truly have created a faith based religion.
constanceshortc teni_eirenne no it's just your opinion nothing based on fact(s). ppl can dress how they like until religion, culture get in the way and shames them, hides them , controls them. or some old lady. who thinks she's right. ugh its gone way over ur head.
just don’t, as a muslim, be fore-fronting such matters that have been explicitly defined as sins per the religion. i mean, shutting up doesn’t cost a thing or take your humanness from you. so keep mute on issues in the causes you advocate for that conflict with teachings and;
we must resolve never to allow buhari and his bandwagons of unpatriotic elements sow the seeds of hatred and barbarity in us. we must love each other regardless of our tribes or religion. the terrorists should be dealt with but not the innocent law abiding citizens. endsars
perfectly attuned ... what a freak show it’s become ... religion + cryptocurrency scams + a dash of buddha + apocalyptic war beliefs .... seances, anyone? embeddedurl
there is no christianophobia or islamophobic! nothing in need of protection.. simply keep religion private! no privileges for any religion.. unfortunately there are some religious groups claiming special status! embeddedurl
zdfheute god has no religion.
okay i know i tweet about being desperate for a bf but this is just not right from so many aspects. why forbid teenagers to pacaran and encourage them to marry instead? because of religion? the girl is 16, she is not prepared in many ways yet. stfu to people who encourage this embeddedurl
canarm2011 every once in awhile a comment like yours reminds me why i never listen to cbc . cold war era radio moscow was also bs but it was at least amusing. i could tell what worried them : the afghan war was won and religion was dead. not .
hello dma scholars. here is our revision video on gcse paper 2 - religion and conflict- key concepts. embeddedurl
washingtonpost no religion in policy or politics!
calebamg imjustmrbrown except that it not religion. religion is man made.
the one true religion embeddedurl
movement, freedom of thought, conscience and religion, freedom of association, rights relating to family life and children, rights relating to citizenship and political participation, and minority groups’ rights to their culture, religion and language. the international covenant
in my teens, 20s and most of my 30s i argued and fought with people first about gender, then religion, caste and class. then i stopped — my head and body got so tired. i went silent. but that’s what will let them keep winning, i think, our exhaustion seen as resignation embeddedurl
thetwistedfay or simply cancel religion all of them. it will save many lives.
anything happens in india, why does people drag religion into it!
meenaharris is the farm law going to applied differently for different religious communities? no will it favor hindus only? no why is religion brought into the conversation?
renaissancezoee "no one told me to" "my religious beliefs" you're literally being forced by your religion. yikes, you're so jaded.
bakaomubo abrahamic religion or concept is just one of the early traces of the existence of "god". see, we all have the historical data that we draw our sources from and none will want to negate his or hers. but, that will not take away the holy book being the only written historical---
would joe biden ever nominate someone who has invited a white supremacists or racist to the civil rights division? why are democrats treating hatred against jews differently than hatred against any other religion or minority? embeddedurl
luminary_wings my aunt is weird with ancestors too bc of religion like she gets mad when her mom visits her dreams and tells her to go away when i asked she said it’s bc the dead are supposed to be resting???
nickcammarata it takes trust. it's costly to embark on "(re-)forming a stable outlook", and most people (imo correctly) view external efforts to rework their outlook as threats. so, "don't get religion from your car salesman, he's the wrong sort of interested" is good advice.
trying to learn this song from bad religion "infected". when i nailed the song i will upload the whole song with a guitar part added from ixmmkid - badreligion basgitaar bassgirl bassguitar bassguitarists bassguitargirl bassguitarlover … embeddedurl embeddedurl
sabeeharehman catoevents but wasn't the partition of what was then india based on the religion of the residents and didn't the partition cause a huge migration of people based on religion?
these people are something else. anything with the notion of god and trump in the same thought process is nonsensical. government & religion should never be intertwined. a muslim conservative & a catholic liberal should be able to legislate based on what is best for the people embeddedurl
jakowolf creative_hazard alaskanwraith justadoor4 farmsteader nightosprout the street goes both ways if you haven’t noticed. lgbt people always want to look down on people for their religion when they don’t even know anything about the person. if you read the bible they will be like, oh that means they hate me. it’s just pure ignorance
markofthed hundreds of wars, crusades, isil, taliban, catholic inquisition, iranian government oppression, etc.etc. killing millions in the name of religion. they are not the innocents in these.
adding to the list of people killed in the name of “religion”, i see. embeddedurl
madcapocelot the reason my "not the best at talkin'" self has a remotely decent vocabulary is because of bad religion and frankly, i'll probably say a bunch about br during this, but i can pretty much recite generator and against the grain by heart. you should give them a listen.
supreme court allows muslims to sue fbi agents who placed them on no-fly list - unfortunately for america, terrorism is part of their "religious beliefs." good grief, ignorant scotus: islam is a political system, masquerading as a religion! embeddedurl via epochtimes
jshow83 roblivingsfilm then he is a hypocrite, if he believes one thing, but runs the country and supports the things that go against his religion. i sure as sh*t don’t want a hypocrite as the leader of the country.. that is of horrible character and integrity..
mother like aamna (r.a), wife like khatija (r.a), daughter like fatima (r.a)! no religion or society gives respect to women like islam. embeddedurl
‘moderate’ muslim malaysia’s religious tolerance laws to control the {spread}of {other religions}to muslims including attempts to persuade,coax,or invite muslims to leave their religion..through {preaching} marriage or any other means”‘apostasy’-a crime. embeddedurl
christianity is a religion and a floor wax. but some people take exception. embeddedurl
xan_desanctis i'm at a loss how so many miss the obvious when it comes to violence based on your views or religion. the shear irony that antifa calls itself antifa (anti-fascist) then engages in fascism is amazing. or the whole cancelling people for their beliefs, no one sees the irony here?
anshulspiritual just like christians, islamists use false translations of hindu texts to try demonize hinduism & inject their religion into sanatan dharma. make no mistake, this is propaganda and lies that they are using to advance their agenda to destroy hinduism & convert hindus.
makerereu ugindependent are there books you want to read but you can’t get? i can get them for you in pdf format at a very affordable price.inspirational,political,medical,business,science,engineering,love,religion,history,i will get them for you within minutes. dm open for inquery
succubi69 you may have discovered the one true religion!
learn the significance of religion to salvation in this blog. embeddedurl puredoctrinesofchrist biblicaldoctrinesday3 embeddedurl
tvrvntv redha48173446 theomaramo slightly1nsanee who said abused is allowed? no religion or society appreciates abusers. the point being, discourage both the abusers and haram relationships.
clara talking to ryan’s family about religion. marriedatfirstsight mafs embeddedurl
green_jeni bijou_gm richardmarx i'm just sharing research so ppl understand that religion doesn't equate to "good", even though ppl like mtgreenee use it on her high horse. the reality is mtg thrives in slop & pig shit, slinging it everywhere while pretending to be righteous. her fake piety is obscene to me.
when some random person tries to tell me about my religion because they read a few books and watched a few youtube videos. embeddedurl
andrea d’souza writes, in times when the world finds itself intertwined with politics and religion, where the essence of humanity is blatantly blurred, the thoughts of khanabdulghaffarkhan are thought provoking. to read the whole story, click the link in bio. embeddedurl
doubledownnews georgemonbiot capitalism is akin to an extremist religion that sets itself apart from others by removing the humanity & reducing most people to economic liabilities. we’ve an abundance of labour & resources, these are the real assets not money. we’re heading towards austerity 2.0 because of it embeddedurl
my religion is not a joke. stopusingislamforaestheticpurpose
22norsedad communism is three things: (1) no private property, including inheritances. (2) no religion except as allowed or mandated by the state. (3) no family except as allowed, and they "belong" to the state.
nainamemes_ why aint muslim family shown , despite of such a huge religion in india, why , a husband kid and a wife , why ??
harriettmooreb2 is that bex who laughed at ben lowrys provo tweet claiming it wasn't sectarian because it didn't involve religion embeddedurl
allanholloway 2/2power ineurope.she did this successfully largely owing to the wisdom and skill of the 3rd marquess.he was a man of intellect,a fellow of all souls’college and chancellor of the university of oxford. in addition to his political activities,he was deeply interested in religion.”
ramy is a walking contradiction. he sleeps around, takes drugs but doesn't drink because it's against his religion. he gets laid-off and winds up in his old bedroom at his parents house, trying to figure everything out./(6)
~&gt; vynette holliday is the author of "the race is run: an indictment of creedal christianity" religion embeddedurl amreading iartg ian1 embeddedurl
liaroserivera emmajpatton mineyobeeznez well it is part of the religion isn’t it?
forgot to mention, saadiafaruqi i put 27 copies of a place at the table on hold mcpl_libraries for my gr5 bkclub- bc 1 member loves our current book since a few characters are muslim & she rarely sees her religion in a book. thank you for helping me see herself in a story!
malikosomi deborahvanessa7 don't think you know much about religion. don't you know drought can come as a punishment to the people of a particular place because of their actions.
if we look upon our progress in religion as a progress only in outward observances and forms, our devoutness will soon come to an end.
it’s never been about religion, race or cast.we pray for all of humanity’s health to stay true through the endless cold nights. because under the heavens and stars, we’re one family, it just seems to have got lost somewhere down the line. msplawforallcrops embeddedurl
bjp4gujarat bjp has already win bengal but please don't make this state into dange fasad which is bjp known for and live for. welcome bjp in bengal for progress of state not for roits on name of religion
easterncrusader sootradhar narendramodi narendramodi_in pmoindia bjp4india bjp4andhra bjp4delhi bjp4mumbai bjp4up bjp4jnk bengali race spilited by muhammad khalji of ghori slave dynasty , khalji converted people of east bengal to islam by forceful manner, now bangladeshi people have forgotten their bangla race identity, bangladeshi have believed religion of islam only,
ap again....what would jesus do? religion lost me years ago for exactly this kind of bigotry.
narendramodi loot people is your aim, fool & thug people is your religion
votemarsha and vice-a-versa ... then freedom of religion... freedom of the press will be the last to go because they help keep the usefulidiots duped!
nytimes what is it they say about religion and politics?
pdf download free comparative religion: investigate the world through religious tradition (inquire and investigate) =&gt; embeddedurl
lizsannnchez reppin it like it’s your religion! lol
devastating revolver piece on rachel levine and our new religion of transgenderism "when young americans sign up for the army, and end up deployed to the most dangerous, far-flung regions of syria or afghanistan, this is what they are fighting for." embeddedurl
___fareed that woman carrying a bucket which am assuming was for water to help with quench the fire was a christian though. don't be quick to point fingers at others religion, do you know the no's of muslims and christina being killed daily by the so called boko haram members?
belle_levesque baileynitti we have three evangelical type churches in fraser valley who are taking the government lockdown to court. every other place of worship of every religion has closed, not these ones. they are soselfishand hardly christian. they are sources of spreads and keep defying the orders.
divided by cast ,creed ,gender ,religion united by trending against srk haters.. canada ki raand akshay bhaand srk ka loda akshay khiloda
christianity is the religion of not making judgements or looking for other people's sins, something it shares with islam. matthew 7 bibletweets lent howtoreadthebible
funeral of yezidi victims who lost their lives because they refused to leave their religion and convert. today,is very painful and sad day for all yezidis around the world. our beloved people sacrificed to keep the faith. êzidxan yazidigenocide yazidireligion yazidiculture embeddedurl
islam has a big sexual frustration problem. this religion promises men eternal prostitutes in paradise and reduces women to lesser humans whose existence is mostly about sex. but islam also hides women under a veil and suppresses sex. the result: frustrated, hypersexual men.
historical authenticity of tirthankar parsvanatha (h. jacobi and others): - ample references in buddhist books to the jaina naked ascetics to the worship of arhats in jaina chaityas or temples and to the chaturyama-dharma (i.e. fourfold religion) of 23rd tirthankara parsvanatha.
joyannreid theroot texas has some really bad religion. are these churches or are they political platforms? tax them! get them like the new law suits against right wing media by the voting machine companies are doing. hit them in the collection baskets & they’ll change their tune
a personal relationship with god transcends religion. embeddedurl
groucuttjamie minnamoonchild you missed the whole point. she said she can call herself now a "free woman". what freedom did she crave so much that she left her religion, the freedom of not wearing a hijab? drinking? smoking? adultry?
religion belongs to the individual but the state belongs to all. your religious laws should only apply to you and not fellow citizen of other belief(or unbelief)
what kind of religion is that ? embeddedurl
emilyow18002405 ericflyr sarafina7707 psifi872 tejas_redhead freedom of religion includes freedom from religion, so if you can't respect eric's beliefs, don't demand that he respect yours!
i am humble devotee of lord krishna.hindureligion i never bring my religion into politics or affairs of state. jaishriram. politics over rinkusharma is against the ethoes of hindu religion. shame on aap and bjp. delhi
sarkis_ironside hahaha wow! it's like members of the clergy don't even believe in the religion that they preach.
honestly, i'm really just against gatekeeping, be it religion, video games, etc... you get to be whoever the fuck you want, and have a relationship with whatever is in your heart, be it god, the chupacabra, or even (ewwww) other people!
hire our legit services in; math biology essay due paper write english paper pay someone help paper case study essaypay do my homework online classes religion book review assignment chemistry physics history marketing custompapers4 dm us
now playing andy mosely & hogman maxey - i know i got religion 24/7 gospel music, preaching & teaching
bradmossesq hypocrisy is their religion
religion is just a superiority complex
pennyjwatson2 rob_kimbell god is not religion - god is our creator!
very excited to be part of the education justice leaders: course cohort 40! chuckhatt mrszengineers a2schools bravespace privilege justice identity race gender class sexualorientation abilitystatus age religion embeddedurl
brigmps rupylikeapearl whenever indian voter will put religion and cast behind the bjp will loose ! india will pay for the adverse results of modi regime for long time!! ds
dj_switchaholic when people call islam a terrorist religion you see some of them barking like mad dogs......it is clear to us, we know who's who in this country.
reclaim_eritrea you are saying all that, not me! please stop projecting your bias...i reject your insinuation & those hate mongers who are spreading lies to demonize part of our community based on culture/religion. that is low & i reject that in the strongest terms possible. stopthehate
hiroki02876737 savage2diamond the sadness of religion. i tried explaining to someone that god and jesus are mythical characters. the person informed me not to mix religion and mythology together. very sad.
seems like it wasn't enough for her, now she's taking it to a particular religion from the farm laws how come they cannot see this as hinduphobic embeddedurl
samastronic esarcasticguy shaikhshameela breathehope1 alik_skeptic it isn't just culture, you pagan, it is religion. why haven't your sounder arrived yet?
this is for my own personal health and safety. please practice your religion elsewhere.
quantvol michael_saylor can you name 3 governments you trust with your religion, your interests or your money? and how long do you think any of those will last before the next regime is “voted” in by their supporters? it solved byzantines general. a problem thought unsolvable. trust-less trust
bethmoorelpm that’s the raft i hold onto when the flotsam and jetsam of “religion” would drown me.
rape = morally irreprehensible & unpardonable violation of one's body, inherent dignity & rights, regardless of age, gender, religion & ethnicity. if u/anyone u know is violated by another, pleaseus telenita 0162374221 oryour local jkm 4 help. awamsays embeddedurl
neilmackay angelahaggerty no different than intolerance with religion, being overweight, race, and the list goes on....none of above acceptable but why zone in on one particular group just because it’s the in thing and a bit ‘cool’ to be championing their cause!! yet another champagne socialist!
rt satanlustlove: there is ngo for men's right its called religion.
shmeze torontostar how can you have a wedding in the style of a sect that does not allow same-sex marriage? i've never been against gay marriage, but always found it odd that a same-sex couple would want to have a religious ceremony when that religion outlaws homosexuality...
benmickeyberger dortxshai veno202 you are completely brainwashed by your religion mate
1liners billkristol the business of religion is about people pointing the finger at other people so they can feel like good people. it's apparently quite lucrative and comes with all kinds of tax advantages.
1/1 khan sir ke coaching me bambari //khan gs research centre, patna . embeddedurl via youtube peace full community attacked on khan coaching center in patna because khan sir is a true patriot,lug his country,never makes difference on the basis of religion or
teeej110 mr_encee05 sammynonso you should read! get the quran, get the bible(original) nd read, don't use social media to judge... and know the diff btw religion nd human
rt the_dogwalker: homophobia has consequences... homosexuality is real, religion is man made. embeddedurl
amzignf my religion is a good way of being the most part and i love it
dinuk_perera arcticrock1 2centssam usambslm educational institutions should be accessible to any student despite sex, race, religion, or any kind of variation of beliefs.
i expect your response to be:"the one god which all religions admit exists as an entity". that's nonsense cos every religion claims its god as the true one. btw,if this entity supposedly reveals itself to humanity, why is it saying different things from one religion to the other?
preshdeyforyou and as 4 my daughter's boyfriends dads opinion, i think he really believes if a woman wears makeup or jewelry that they're going 2 hell! i totally disagree. but at the same time, i respect every1's opinion & especially religion.
atheistrepublic atheist religion atheism atheisthumor humanist humanism religions nogod skeptic godless secular secularism religionsucks religionisbullshit antireligion religionfree antitheist noreligion freethinker atheists logic reason nonbeliever embeddedurl
blackfordoakes3 gregormacdonald the iea, who are inherently bias to green tech/climate and historically under-predict hydrocarbon demand growth have global natural gas demand growing by 29% into 2040. your religion is just that, totally void of facts, trends or understanding of energy systems.
hlkodo kunthavi5 funny that he says that he will fight religious party while addressing a crowd of skull caps & joining a party which has religion in its name & has 100% members of same religion
1you shall have no other gods before me. 2you shall make no idols. hey cpac you love talking about religion & forcing your religion on people here’s a little reminder that you’re breaking gods law. cpac2021 gopdomesticterrorists hypocrites gop gopleader leadermcconnell embeddedurl
glaceonparody sorry, i only simp for myself. but religion is another thing. i follow our great lord and savior goddess_eliza_
rt torriangray: if your religion doesn’t allow you to dispense the prescriptions the job requires, then you shouldn’t be a pharmacist.
one of many definitions of religion is the belief in and worship of a superhuman controlling power, especially a personal god or gods. or a pursuit or interest to which someone ascribes supreme importance. scpsrelpop2021
foxnews school is not only the new world religion, it's also the world's fastest-growing labor market. schools are socially addictive: social addiction, or escalation, consists in the tendency to prescribe increased treatment if smaller quantities have not yielded the desired results.
oh gods, her anxiety is flaring up. she’s just going to spit it all out in one fluid go. “the gods brought me back for a reason. i failed to bring back the ways of the old religion before because i refused to learn the ways of the gods, of the priestesses before they ~ embeddedurl
carlosazuletc christosculture vae_victis_1958 abbedutertre tomcruz03584648 engl1shtradcat frdesposito frcekada might look like, but objective facts are what matter, not mere perception. that argument is like atheists saying "every other religion claims to be correct too"
ranaayyub rana ayyub ur religion kills innocent people u people live like demons. now which religion hit lowest low world knows it
guys please stay unite don't do this...actually govt want this to fight each other on the basis of religion or cast modi_rojgar_do farmersprotest embeddedurl
gabbbarsingh aaliznat i am against that too esp when people do it against someones political view..but this woman is vile..tweeted the worst thing that any normal person would feel ashamed to say at a private place too, let alone twitter, be it any religion
dillidurast confusing religion with god is a standard practice. god is used to enforce religious tenets. there is nothing godly in religion.
chocomilkbox religion will do that to you
rt tommyblunt95: “music is my religion” - jimi hendrix embeddedurl
we call out antisemites regardless of: political party affiliation race religion gender if this bothers you, kindly stop claiming you want to fight antisemitism and admit you have alternative motives.
"that is a final fact of my inner consciousness, and for no religion could i deny its truth. still more preposterous another proposition seemed to me." - lin yutang
mickjco ooo i love it. we could make a religion outta this.
here's my nuclear take on religion everyone should mind their own fucking business about it e
“the religion of christ is intolerant; it does not allow a second method of salvation.” - charles spurgeon the world comes up with it’s own ways of going to heaven, and ever single one of them is false. so do other religions. there is only one way, and that is through christ
okay but what if when we die we just get what religion we're in embeddedurl
metakritike ha. yeah na was chronological. don't know. as its own thing, separated out & discrete from the philosophies or religion? it's part of why so pernicious & destructive, because devoid of any ballast. preys metaphysical comfort on the masses, adjusting them to their exploitation.
eigenrobot chaosprime wildbuddhini the "baseline plan" or "baseline culture" is not just a fallback but a deep need for most people: tell me what to do. combine that with a closely related psychological need: there must be deep meaning behind all this. and you get pareidolia like throughlines (religion, etc)
this album is my religion embeddedurl
crazyshatter woah in my religion (islam) having sex before marriage is from worst thing literally,in islam if man and woman haved sex and they are not married and one of them tell the government or everyone did know what happened both will flooged 100 time ,but if-
this is the “act to establish pay equity”. this bill will ensure that employees are paid the same wages for comparable work regardless of race, religion, color, sex, including gender identity and sexual orientaion, age, national origin or disability status. embeddedurl
thank you so much lets end racism , no human being no matter the color , race , gender and religion deserves to go through this racism is not an opinion bayern3_rassismus racismbayern3 matuschikhastoleave rassismusbeibayern3 apologisetobts
the tmc has made several fouls on bengal already - - mis-governance - violence on opposition - looting money of people - attacks on religion the people of bengal are witnessing everything and very soon, bengal is set to show the 'ram card' to tmc - pm shri narendramodi ji embeddedurl
npr christian nationalism is race- and gender-based favoritism and prejudice for white men against everyone else. it's a matter of time, again, before people abuse their freedoms of religion to further violent ends against innocent victims. can we talk about gunreform before then?
rt _asahisama: mashi cooking is my new religion treasure treasure_map_e34 mashiho treasuremembers embeddedurl
can y'all stfu and stop using religion for some impressions?!?! you weirdos omg get some helpp
during the 1840 osogbo war, yoruba/ibadan warlords captured the fulanis live, they were returned back to the north and the traitor yorubas executed. we cannot be intimidated on our ancestral land. we are peaceful and we are not religion fanatics. ireoooo
xokalled science has not proven religion to be wrong with respect to "the essence of life".
we used to say, “avoid this action that has a difference of opinion to safeguard your religion. today we say “do this action **because** it has a difference of opinion!” difference of opinion used to be a barrier but now it is an access point..
cgijeddah ramansharma1_ secysanjay cmohimachal himachalpolice drsjaishankar meamadad meaindia oia_mea mygovhimachal passportsevamea pmoindia saudi_gazette indianembriyadh drausaf despite giving all the documents for legal process why the power of attorney has given to someone else. as we all see his religion what showing in the document is different and his last rituals was also not done according to his faith. so messed up could u please brief about it. embeddedurl
wdrwmn13 i agree that being a good human is in no way religion-dependent. i think what you are saying about repenting is a specifically christian perspective. for example, in judaism, we believe that amends take both words and action.
appgbritsikhs i thought you lost your fight to list sikh as an ethnicity so not sure why you're promoting it now? move on from that ridiculous notion - sikhs have a tick box in the religion section which they should complete but for ethnicity, use indian, punjabi etc to enhance data content.
the sax solo in smooth operator by sade is my religion
atheistsread then toss the religion and follow the god(s)
.nbcsnl - spreading antisemitic lies & misinformation is already a problem. fanning the flames just to get a laugh is not only wrong, it’s irresponsible. israel has made the vaccine available for its entire population equitably, regardless of gender, race or religion. embeddedurl
this exposition of dog whistles could easily be rephrased for discussions on religion. embeddedurl
jbirch_12 angry_staffer they’ll just keep moving the goalpost. it’s like a religion for them at this point. they need to believe.
rihanna don't know why people always target our religion. ever look at another religion by insulting it, then you will know the meaning of religionism. embeddedurl
daleg3476 antitheistcrsd ffbatheists one of the biggest reasons that i began to leave my religion was b/c of the day it occurred to me that the more "christian" someone claimed to be, the more i couldn't stand their company.
rihanna because this is not usa where you can sell and purchase everything starting from a religion, faith, honesty, ethics, this is india my darling, here you will find love peace and togetherness. these are few distracted minds who wants to make disturbance in the society unfortunately
love doesn't have gender, religion, caste, money or status. long live with love, happy valentines day to all... embeddedurl
daredevil’s true strengths stem from religion with born again and season 3 of the show being some of the best examples of that
government restrictions on religion, by region embeddedurl embeddedurl
our new approach to humanities will see some of the biggest innovations. by stepping away from the common entrance approach to geography, history & theology, philosophy & religion, we will unlock the syllabus encouraging collaboration. find out more here embeddedurl embeddedurl
i will be live on the panel of religion zero, discussing creation and evolution. join us live today at 3pm gmt. embeddedurl vanguard_conk amosjoe embeddedurl
_pkxx_ ignore her, she’s stupid and falling into the trap that the gov’t want. it’s farmers (of all backgrounds) vs unjust bills passed by the gov’t. not religion vs religion
if you want a religion to make you feel really comfortable, i certainly don't recommend christianity. - c.s. lewis -
mahapatpravat puneetvizh civilizedppl hhs_in drshamamohd lambaalka bhavikakapoor5 ranjitone psmanwatkar harvey_1978 geetv79 rkmarar9 tamil1947 aayeff1 terence_fdes priyapyadav18 choyyan aftabcalm asmatasleem11 jayantjena10 youngroy25 wuntakall mathewschacko4 dennisckurian ranajig an_observer1947 hashankaranaray watdehel sangramsatpath3 kazhugan judedavid21 lndiaagainstbjp fredhamilton sadia_habeeb manojfaridabad gauravpandhi shenaz_irani rahulgandhi saketgokhale rupagulab kpadmaran1 iranishenaz1958 sweposten ravinderkapur2 srivatsayb dillidurast drashwani_kumar mujwords reservations have to be religion neutral and for economically weaker sections. would that not help ?
danieloconnel18 sheikhpabdinho fr_imeggman fakenaik quejesuisbete davidjoeeee jobkurdi37 halalmessi 1234fadhel1234 n0useforname 2mangoman2 murrahson muslim_theist yourbro_ishere 11edge11 kufr_antagonist yaao2014 thehaqtivist sunnah_ahlul afghan_ismael mcasper16 al_mujahid12 johnhere10 liesexposed kingstonluhg dman_1007 islamforlife77 alfinlandi xzt29 marty37851796 anarion99 correct.. 90% of muslim rituals are pagan. ramadan and hajj comes from pagan arab religion. kaaba is pagan temple, the black stone there is pagan idol. namaz rituals come from zoroastrian/sabean religion. rest comes from judaism and christianity.
davidmweissman springsteen springsteen has remained in an honorable place. i don’t see solely about religion as much as all of us finding the middle ground within our individual lives, circumstances, views. trial begins tomorrow. with or without the conviction, we can’t let hate and division consume us.
thedisproof pmbbiggsy harrywilkinsonn steedore as when the bbc screamed a headline that the august bank holiday was the hottest since records began. records began in 1974 when the bank holiday was introduced. is that not bias albeit by omission. i don’t want to be managed and manipulated. cc is now the national religion
real nobility knows no colour, language, religion , gender or race. ‘people who rescued me’(davidgoggins) embeddedurl via youtube
girish12desai i'm a staunch hindu. gujarati nri. me & modiji r gurubhai. so i'm not against modiji or hindus or sanataniz or any other caste, creed, religion. i'm focused. in matter of loot, atyachar & safed atankwad by salmanistanis - in plain sight - their camp & so called bjp hindu leaders
funshographix all religion was developed by the powerful to enlsave the mind of those they need to control. embeddedurl
i think i just vomited a little. i love bruce but this commercial is too simplistic. "the middle" is a bad use of language. no one needs to meet in the middle with fascists. if you are making a commercial about unity why is the focus on 1 religion? unity, superbowlcommercials embeddedurl
i don’t have a religion but catholic imagery is just so beautiful. this image reminds me of when i went to minas gerais, in brazil, and visited many brazilian baroque churches. they are stunning! anyway, new flash sheet based on a hand drawing from this month embeddedurl
dawncard1ff50 she should be walking 4 steps behind and wearing a burka, according to the religion that feminists love.
nowplaying stuck trap_religion by mikexangel on the home for independent hip hop and r&b, 804live radio, courtesy of dynamite j. 804 click the link to hear station. embeddedurl embeddedurl
ride slow juice 50ml - religion juice embeddedurl
didikins4life brainwashing too using religion to do it.
this really happened at a meeting on whether or not to change the name of robert e. lee high school in jacksonville tonight. these problematic interpretations of scripture are the reason many think christianity is a white man’s religion. embeddedurl
alanslutsky that process saved my life. religion drove me away from 12 step programs. congratulations from a 1986er.
if you take astrology seriously you’re studying the religion of the colonizer. thanks for nothing
soosuspicious leslynlewis ctvnews it has nothing to do with religion you ding dong. you know who else thought killing disabled people was ok.....
i hate when christian women say homosexuality is a sin, your religion says you’re also not allowed to speak, so try shutting the fuck up
you know what's fun? worldbuilding a religion for your minecraft server so everyone can be included without issues between irl religions. embeddedurl
disinformation fuels a white evangelical movement. it led 1 virginia pastor to quit. religion evangelicals crime embeddedurl
i wish the world could understand that religion has never saved a single person in the history of mankind! only faith in god and the lord jesus christ saves anyone. and for all of us who live on this side of the cross, jesus said no one comes to the father except by me! no one embeddedurl
my project was focused on the life of a young footballer, quadri liameed, whose life is centered around football, his family, religion, dreams and aspirations of traveling to play for a bigger club abroad.
williambibbiani silaslesnick and part of that is because of the bts & production drama. i mean, tuc almost didn’t get made because of it. but, yeah. i mean, as we saw across tos, gr wasn’t exactly a huge fan of organized religion, so that recurring theme fits, too.
07-02-2021 2101 embeddedurl blastfmrock r.e.m. - losing my religion
suchitrak if allah didn't wait until islam to create people of other religion, who are islamists to rape, kill & persecute non muslims?
hi jack, do u know, now they mock disha & greta for their religion, interestingly your religion matches with their. you continue to support fascist regime. jackposobiec
marcorubio i can't begin to imagine who voted for someone who can't even make a post on twitter that doesn't involve your religion. how did you even compete in a debate without being able to put together complete sentences on your own?
rt aapki_behn_hoon: beshak islam__religion_of__ethics embeddedurl
blshiv lauren_southern the reason they commit the terrorist act has a direct correlation to their religious fanaticism. these people wouldn’t have flown planes into buildings (if you believe that) if it wasn’t for their religion. it has everything to do with them being muslim
many of these brothers are basically kidnappers. i have seen this so many times. brothers refusing to even consult a scholar or shaykh they trust. if you cant tell a woman no wait until a man is infant of your face brothers stop being idiots sisters act according to the religion
shaykh-ul-islam tahirulqadri is a great personality who struggled hard to prevail islamic values ​​on every front, be it religion or politics, he stands on every front. authorof1000books
avfc_religion not arf
emiliobazzarel1 _mere_anarchy belinda0871 jkenney witsuniversity wow, you really love the twisted version of reality you live in, don't you? religion... not even once!
as a society, we ought to normalize speaking candidly about religion. if you believe in a staff turning into a snake, a winged horse flying to heaven, or an immaculately conceived zombie, you aren’t a reasonable man embeddedurl
those who say that you cannot blame an entire religion for sake of few persons, here is an example in 2021. they hate any religion other than their own, they can never be our brothers. those who say it's an act of few miscreants, this few in their religion is in high numbers embeddedurl
kofid_19 veebee1010 laurie_garrett i agree with religion but not true christianity.
maryinlfk codenamebongo tcunderdahl permissiontoq he won’t do the work. he’s too brainwashed by his own religion, too hard headed to see any other side. we’ve been in his situation but he casts us aside like we know nothing.
vaasusrinivasan tanvishukla with respect sir . 'tandav'. is nt a normal word. 'tandav'. cn only be dne by god's of god's 'lord shiva'. i dun thnk anyone in b'wood cn even imagine wht exactly 'tandav' means, thy r the people who strt ronadhona put religion cards 4 small problem's, & thy making fun of this?
syedfaisal1333 human1912698 irfanfacter ndtv firstly, u r not the religion, thus whatever u said is last word or true. & it’s not abt what ur religion says but how religion believers act. u said religion does not say to do terrorism jihad; same time several mulla from ur religion said it says to do so. whom to believe?
15yemenrd sram35s putrabharath ani they have to somehow divide people in basis of religion.. in kerala equation is bit different.. almost 50-55 percent hindus, 25-30 percent muslims and rest chrisyian.. and among these religions many are atheist.. so bjp have very little chance now
in full honesty i'm glad i can talk about my religion openly bc it makes me very happy as an individual but i'm such a jesus stan it's so embarrassing embeddedurl
_hydrochloric ikhide the followers of religion that are the most annoying, cos how do they buy that shit?
jewish journal: in a cancel culture run amok, one of the biggest fears is the fear of saying the wrong thing. fine if its insulting someone because of their race, religion, gender, ethnicity. but being petrified that the cancel mob will come after us and our livelihood? no.
repmeijer you people always use religion as an excuse to treat others abominably!
tw // abortion religion rape embeddedurl
1980dorothy right 100% i have always wondered what catechism or bible class or religious training they attended. it sure was not the one i was taught in. no patience with those who use religion as excuse to be bigots. just no
mnageswarraoips sadhgurujv india should either declare hinduism as state religion or let go of this absolute unconstitutional control of hindu temples freehindutemples freetemples freetntemples
akshaykumar n today u lost the respct that sikhs had for u, dont ever try to use our religion n martyrs for filling ur pockets! go n sit in que with kangana n payal.
if you make fun of or disrespect someone due to age weight sexuality disability race beliefs religion political pov gender ect. you are a piece of shit and should not be able to have social media!!!
yogioabs every good christian is made by the holy trinity, not the institution of christianity. we look to god the father, the son, and the holy spirit to be purified. we are not made good by a religion.
arabic is a beautiful language and we don't mind when it's used as aesthetic. but you cross the line when you use our religion.
10) the third pillar of european culture has been the christian religion and churches organization. some modern leaders try to ignore the role of christian religion, but commit a great mistake.
"science and technology is the future not religion"
rt davepage999: what comments did he make about her religion?
ananthkkv amansinghy and did i call you with something offensive,i don't think so,i just said one who drops their original identity under some influence and adopt trends from outside are stray dogs.haven't seen any???,and yeah shut up that atheistic business if it only condemns one religion.
.ynpierce, the first woman dean of the predominantly black husdivinity, wrote a new book on the black church and the intersections of religion, race, gender and class. embeddedurl
nikajabi akhundovchingiz if all people were saints, nobody was coming to me & complaining about evil people - i would do something else; but i see - people are expecting me to save them from evil, to save from evil - means holy life, religion, in all world
bro what is the link between religion and drugs bro... i gotta know
bill maher , george carlin , richard dawkins , christopher hitchens , sam harris , ricky gervais all mock god , religion like it’s a fad . it’s a matter of opinion not offence . that enriches our conversation and society. courts should know better. embeddedurl
i will only respect people who are intelligent enough to understand that their religion does not get to tell me or my religion what to do! it is all about respect until i point out how disrespectful they really are. embeddedurl
ashoksgarcha bad idea. do not attach any religion ethnicity to this
ambersmithusa ryanafournier lindsay graham had 2 people running to primary him and still got 70% of the vote. fucking utah saddled us with mittens again because of religion over country the list goes on and on! we in no way have a politician problem, can't blame them. we have a huge fucking voter problem!
sometimes i wnna k1ll myself just to see what religion was right
let leave religion & culture for a second and switch to humidity & love. -kenbro palms snowday politicstoday christian muslim lovedontcostathingchallenge
nootan73 religion of peace strikes its own peacefully
in my country, every one seem overwhelmed and tired from having done too much with too little outcome... next time una nor go vote because of religion or region...
allah_canbe_seen allah is in form. the holy scriptures of muslim religion prove that the creator of all creation , the destroyer of all sins, the all-powerful, imperishable god is in a human-like physical shape and lives in satyaloka. his name is allah kabir. embeddedurl
rt padsley: simple bible religion. embeddedurl
amitshah narendramodi it is ridiculous to divide us in the name of religion in the name of a caste where the country is united and talk about unity again. jai hind merabharatmahan
harmanp82656599 japneetsinghhh harmanmanchanda meenaharris there's nothing like hindu you fool no religion. it's culture.
mohansinha intriguing. but i guess, they have restricted their talent to just religion and sex
freedom of religion doesn't mean ok to break the law... enjoy embeddedurl
rt blmohr: 1/ [thread] science and religion embeddedurl
bustaarmov noholyscripture agree and that’s the story of islam with a few modifications they didn’t have to invent the wheel all over again, they just stole all the stories and commandments and added their own spice. best way to start a business (religion) for them was to use the base and claim it.
i have the utmost respect for anyone who, through any religion or other activity has become a person who treats others as they would like to be treated. for the rest, i wish they had found something else. embeddedurl
if you missed today's excellent boyle lecture on science and religion with mcleish_t, the lecture is now available on our youtube channel to watch at any time: embeddedurl
saharareporters if this news is true, the northern nigerian are just disgracing the existence and the practice of islam. their thinking is so retarded that someone suffering from mental development thinks and act better than they do. what does hairstyle have to do with religion? amalgamation why
zypisfy willsworldview biblemythology johnkrahn2 splintersimba physicisttx blackswans8 praisehisname50 cleisthenes5 oohglobbits5 pray2pesci wolfpak561 markthorsby1 cern_lxxl pg13scottwatson rossgilroy bbrown24646528 globalist13903 verniejim discojerrys yourmomspants1 andrewrchapman boudiceaall simple_shaman imkimaaron smokeystafford kitemanargues falchion14 realist_dragon realliously brianslimdog77 lincolngrox randolf828 zapher134 buggford kenrdkab mike73641430 mikenedie jakepizorno tcunderdahl horusrage jasonmc08352085 tripleoxymoron tklforgiven geraldpayne25 tarik_ebu velveteven jools6691 narratingfools much2croweded also: "it clouds our judgment and critical thinking skills" you've just described religion...
woahoptimistic kawasabulakan _mamadeb trendyweb1 temperatorbot paulvcooper1 vajra21 sp0nd0r peterrevo16 mrantibunny ozmacarmine frankdelia7 lauradekker1 rainmc iamtybalt79 geoffschuler skepticalmutant liamkav boriscola ccanuck4 boiyusaku fiski70 risettemd mathis20412165 odd_papist doritmi packulator3000 alexandersoklov takethatct latinapapist schizocavalier odious_ledger mcfunny jacoblazaruslim spitfire_annie swedishchf just4thecause mstrixter angel_13_rising jameselijahmill leighspc ianfmusgrave hauxton michael61479644 provaxtexan bronxthebearfu kstateturk freeflyfreak1 emartinez78987 tinfoilawards he doesn't seem to be very religious if he is making fun about religion though. do you disagree? are his jewish roots showing here? if so, how? seems making jokes about god and their intentions would go against judaism too.
rt clawmojo: my religion embeddedurl
sreenshri i have been following bjp (and rss, india's version of proud boys) for a long time. they are a real threat to india's democracy and constitution. hope people can see this and vote based on progress rather than religion.
understanding lucarelli and the allonce. "but communism abolishes eternal truths, it abolishes all religion, and all morality ... it therefore acts in contradiction to all past historical experience." -karl marx, the communist manifesto, p. 92
so i got a call for a focus group thing and they for some reason did not have anything for judaism for religion?? i was like "oh im in the process of converting to judaism" and this guy was like "should i put down other type of christian?" and i honestly feel extremely offended
this is why you don’t do religion. this is why you must strive for relationship.. iykyk embeddedurl
the word “religious” to me means that you’ve dedicated your whole life to it, studying in depth and even teaching it, like a scholar would. although islam is thought of as “a way of life” rather than a religion, which i agree, i’m definitely not “religious” in the way i just said
rt cyborgvilla: i have to be the hottest and best dressed in my religion class for some reason
rt pastormontmc: my seeking god has less to do with my religion and more to do with my inner peace, clarity, and love.
patchoulidiver kellynotbrecht we have to draw the difference between religion and the power structure built upon it.
because they are related by blood, religion and crimes.. embeddedurl
shaikhologgy dhruv_rathee atheism is not belief. it is a way of living. like hinduism is not a religion, it is a way of living. dhruv may have not visit temple or offer prayer but he surely do celebrate diwali or holi.
sometimes when you people tweet things, you don't use to care about those on your tl who have affiliation to those things? are christians not people that you have a problem with them likening a whole religion to a sect? omo!
thatthomasguy13 tintintomt dcastle26208 mmpadellan thomas, it’s always been rw religion that has been the problem throughout history! even jesus had a problem with the rw if his day! he called them hypocrites, white washed sepulchers full of dead men’s bones! not my version! it’s obvious you know little about history! /
rt quintuscurtius: the religion of mithras and its mysteries embeddedurl via quintuscurtius
“i am: the alpha and the omega” i was invited to preach on this i am saying the month before the 2020 election. told the lost history of universal publick friend, revived revelation as a worship primer, and said no to civil religion. rev. 21 (start 28:00): embeddedurl
‘don’t infect cricket, please. when did religion come in the way of sport?...as a country we need to do a lot of soul-searching. we are at a vital point in our history’ writes mohammad kaif former india cricket player embeddedurl
voice_for_india there are mix breed hindus, means they follow multiple religion
lv1rk bobblackman sorry to say please update your knowledge before posting anything here twitter. 1. new citizenship laws is to give citizenship to people harassed and discriminated in india's neighboring countries on the basis of religion. these neighboring countries are islamic republics contd.
page88 so sad to see all the hate in today's world. accepted, glorified, expected, the hate is everywhere. it is never-ending, destroying our very spirits, our hearts. it is the new religion. maybe your neighbors were practicing their own religion or philosophy. peace & love.
ginnyteasley saltyhk_ godlywomanhood very true. i’m privileged in race, class, and religion in this country. i feel very little impact in my immediate life based on many of these policies, but i realize that is definitely not the case for many and i choose to care about how they are affected.
childofalba if organised religion can survive the black death in the 14th century it can survive this pandemic.
this is a very interesting message. embeddedurl willbfree1 religion love retweet tuesdaymotivations godmorningtuesday
religion embeddedurl
.mohammadkaif writes: "when did religion come in the way of sport? i have played for teams in up, different zones across the country, india, clubs & counties in england, and never have i been made conscious of my faith." embeddedurl via indianexpress
tehs85 reuters wow so much for the religion of peace
theadityaaj patriounbiased ankitdu68668436 i escaped this! i am not being spiteful ffs!! i am simply pointing out how communists divide every section of the society. gender, religion,caste,all economic classes. if you are a true seeker of being somewhat correct please check out oligarchy in the so called equal state-china
"you can't pick and choose what you like from religion" sure you can. you can actively choose to elevate anything in religion that elevates humanity and humanism. anything that dehumanizes individuals or groups can frankly go into the dustbin of human history.
do people really think that there weren’t people in africa eating only plants before europeans thought they should imprint their culture on the world? or do people think they only stopped with freedom and religion really what’s so... continued: embeddedurl embeddedurl
aartitva ranaayyub washingtonpost there is another trend these days, if we defend our religion, then we are called students of whatsapp university, i have real data / proof from wikipedia and books written by muslims and discussions by pakistani scholars
faced by the same poverty and affected by the same bad governance but people still think tribes and religion are the problem instead of the rulers destroying them. what an absolute shame! embeddedurl
brothers. we don’t see color or religion or politics in the military. don’t let the woke left tell you any different jrzyjoepiscopo tomborelli deneenborelli firesafetynyc sullysullivan82 borderfox116 eotpd9367higs eternalquest27 bigricanman marvinrjeffcoat embeddedurl
so, if satan was smart, he would have simply left it that way. why come to start a new religion in the desert and preach against idol worship and add that christ was just a man? finlandi and all other deluded christians have no answer.
heartberrie egocider some people might start a religion out of this.
stop using my religion for aesthetic starshipent embeddedurl
esilkotch delayedcanswap raccoonfangs vulturearcanam fattermustus you described almost every religion
louis in this tshirt is my religion embeddedurl
atheistrepublic if we respect the freedom of religion, we have to respect that as well.
palmerreport breaking snooze: scientists estimate half life of trumpstink to be 30,000 years. will outlast religion.
wonwomanworks i think he just started a really stupid religion.
gurjindersran4 shailes39690426 _kesri kanganateam now you are proving why jokes are made on you!! monkeys weren't ancestors... it was a part of evolution!! religion is man made... evolution isn't!!
rt catholicvote: the equality act is an attack on science, on religion, and on the family. it must be stopped.
_sabanaqvi rickygervais can you point in your religion hypocratic aunty _sabanaqvi
shanzy745 love your honesty. it’s is crap. there is freedom of religion however you practice; but in this case there isn’t much freedom.
unstoppable_ap one should not be scared about anything. do what your heart says. our religion ..dharma is our pride. there is no left or right wing in this.
my favorite deduction my therapist has had about me is that i like fire/ars0n bc as a child i found comfort in candles that came with german christmas traditions but religion made fire to be a bad thing with hellfire so suppressing me liking it jusy made me wanna do it more
lobolaorproposalfirst my religion dictates that lobola first then proposal later i believe its a way of showing real commitment....proposal's are a eurocentric westernized ideology. people should never forget that we have our own traditions
show your dissent guys,raise your voice let's unite first. unemployed has no religion! modi_job_do abhinaymaths qmaths_in suryapsingh_ias gaganpratapmath ramosirofficial rbejain e1_coaching drgauravgarg4 vipangoyal13 mahipalrathore rakeshyadavsir khansirpatna
specifically how false the christian religion is
bawal pero kumakain (i have no religion rn pero pinagbabawalan pa rin aq ng fam q whatever) embeddedurl
nakiricultist 1300pluagedoc nocontexthumans fuck all religion and cults
mmadi_twt ma_gubte mamacita_juicy malqtie ryryroyalee well you could have also not fed more into the disrespect.. if you feel as though your beliefs and rights deserved respect why not others when it comes to religion ? because it doesn’t just apply to sexuality
i regard the people who invaded the capitol and did violence as filth. not that hard to tempt me into the dark side, where i find a way not to face the fact that statists gonna state. maybe their religion or gun rack won’t be janet reno 2.0 approved.
clockendarteta alexftbl na its their religion and they're taught not to be gay and some taught to hate but some not
olywal genakhena so nigeria is soo bad that organisation cant sponsor football club because of religion, hmmm it is well oo..
suskween 1.3% of the population of ireland are muslim, what percent of that 1.3% are irish? i’m speaking to the majority of irish people here on my twitter feed. no they should not be fined for practicing their religion & neither should catholics, that’s the point of the tweet silly
rt naturelovernk: humanity is biggest religion har dua mein sushant
maneemanjunath thathagat7 all indians are hindustanis by the real definition of hindu.. as it does not symbolise any religion ... it was mispronounced indu(from indus valley civilisation) but alas the politics being played in the name of hindutva!! if u feel the way u feel think about minorities??
centolasusan keim_cathy nordie12 johnoberg vegans push their religion like that man said. it's perfectly said. it's a cult of behavior and thoughts. it's not reality. it's pushing a false agenda on people. it's absolutely not across the board. city people want to think it is. it's not! stop spreading lies. most do care.
jasondogwood why cant people find religion at home and not have to meet in a church with other corona infected people. people are just stupid.
empty ca this am. sure, put something pretty in there for me. then sub to of...then to avn. then make my pic your background. then take on a new mantra. i want you to meditate, and repeat, “goddess holly is my life, my law and my religion.” do this daily, until it sinks in. embeddedurl
marxozoic it’s ok, ex-muslim tells me just about everything i need to know. i pray allah removes the pain from your heart that would have you slander his beautiful religion. may he forgive your apostasy and continue to guide you in your fight for the working class. salaam
notabadguy_ ngpalparas9__ drrekha99 in same france what happened when it comes to other religion.
thegrumpydoctor ok, i'm sold. where do i buy this religion at? any have a discount coupon? i have free time from 1830-1930 on every other wednesday, except on days the international cabal of atheist meetings are on. can't miss those. bought a subscription.
sarahzhang god is a pedophile propagandist. for jews it was 13 years old the vatican hold the original bible and stand accused muslims its three months after first menstruation. religion is that way. embeddedurl yemen is the pedophile? try being broke in london apposed to uganda
will durant, a famous english orientalist, said, “alī (divine peace upon him) was a perfect example of modesty, piety, joy, and sincerity on the path of religion in his youth. he was handsome, good-tempered, full of ideas, and faithful.”
scottmeister_1 cant have morality without religion embeddedurl
i’m sorry but christianity is such a noisy religion like mind ur own business?????
double9inarow grahamspiers i wonder why you're not taking away from the fact the football club and religion you follow are steeped in the tradition of raping boys. do you know silence is consent, meaning you stay silent you are also a boy rapist.
savage2diamond “youruba muslims” chose to deviate from their traditional religions and thus agreed to everything that came with the new religion, in this case, islam.
from now on, we will fight for democracy for the whole country, for the whole world, not considering race or religion. our elected government whatshappeninginmyanmar feb23coup respectourvotes
in england the willing victims who immortalized their voices in a real religion.
misterasseater yeahh that’s true and i think deep down they know the religion aspect wouldn’t work unless they made a change which is why they asked
evildave_nxt marwilliamson science is great at answering questions of what and how. but questions of why and what ought we to do... science alone cannot answer. why is there evolution? why are we here? what does it all mean? is life worth living? here religion can help. embeddedurl
80shemaa _lin_n i dunno if it would be allowed on roblox tho, not to be muslimphobic or anything but i don't think roblox allows any religion related stuff
so, the only “tell-tale signs of a demon” are in alfinlandi’s idolatrous religion, which so openly and clearly contradicts the tanakh. how can a religion which worships a flesh-and-blood god be reasonably upheld by the tanakh? the answer is it can’t.
pmoindia narendramodi agree.. india is our country, belong to all religion who fought for the freedom of our country..
sandranh5 alanmyron 4 sure. i def cant stand up for religion on that front. and im not a super religious person. there is certainly utility in it however. and i only sought to answer the question as to yreligion may have sought to venerate monogomous sex- and i find that to be moral, not oppressive.
let's work together to preserve brotherly co-existence, vice president yemi osinbajo said, reacting to the shasha mayhem. it is good for everyone to live loving each other irrespective of one's tribe, ethnic group, colour, religion or language. let's heal pyostewardship embeddedurl
this mother (farangiz mazloum) & many other brave mothers from inside iran are my heroines her son, soheil arabi, was imprisoned several years ago for being critical of religion. he has been severely tortured listen to her heart-breaking ordeal and relay it to the entire world embeddedurl
sheikh__akbar cactusb49199600 religion can make good people do bad things, because what the holy books say. without those books, the good people would stay good.
coming out later exclusively on patreon as an early release, i've got a fascinating chat with janja_lalich as we discuss the cult tactics used by keith raniere & nxivm. if you come out of religion or a cult background, you'll find this a helpful resource too. nxivm excult embeddedurl
father adam in sri guru granth sahib. sikhism imbibes several mythologies of indic and abrahamic traditions. why sikhism is only partly understood by scholars is because they tend to ignore the large contribution and presence of semitic ideas in the religion. embeddedurl
jra1993 alexc95_ hltco if i call the police on the church i think the religion of the pope will be the least of their worries to be honest...
johnpavlovitz exactly! such as anti-vaxxers have no accountability while harming children homeschooling has no accountability most hi behind religion & get away with it
jb_kek ragegoldeneagle jesus is the only way truth and life. forget about religion and denominationalism. its all about jesus. dies for our sins on the cross that we may have eternal life. he only asks that we look to him for our salvation
summarizing, comics aren’t a religion but by crom! i’m a believer. embeddedurl
karidru redditships mum in ten years time, when kid leaves home and abandons religion: but we tried everything to help him with his faith
creamynyan imagine using religion as an excuse to be homophobic
they really choose the wrong picture for this song.jajaja i can’t believe religion can take it that far embeddedurl
reliefbelief this is genuinely out of context ... x can be shown to be reasonable and we experience x so we assert x is a standard way of talking about rational living in many areas not just religion.
just over 2 weeks ago, we saved the life of a young man on death row for blasphemy & we helped a young muslim woman escape from her family who would have killed her because she had abandoned her religion. she is now in a safe country. that is what we do, day in and day out.
i don't know who needs to hear this but if you're white & on your journey of "decolonizing" your faith takes you from christianity to "earth religion" ... you should probably keep going?
politikkarma dhaliwalpawan2 dinesh66dinesh specialkbrook for your information sikhs keep that sword not to harm someone. it's in our religion to keep 2 swards with us. one is to protect ourself and others; other is to live in grace of god. it always stay with us wherever we go, just like hanuman g have "gada" with them.
meghupdates maybe you are in overconfidence. assamese people don't want caa. basically they don't want any of illegal immigrants irrespective of religion.
priyashmita i go with whichever religion is serving the best food that month.
davidmweissman guns and religion
bridge2africa7 ebruenig seanpenn so you’re saying catholics aren’t children of god? wow. your church needs to explain salvation better and you need to study religion more.
repchrisstewart deseretnews in fairness, religion also gives prejudice a free ride.
if you only talk about the discrimination you face because of your religion, and not about the discrimination your religion causes those who do not believe as you do...your outrage is hypocritical.
madsatanicqueen i never believed in religion so i didn't have to leave.
mementos1234 tgenov religion_old nntaleb stuartjritchie just the fact that you think that addresses all the issues is probably enough reason for us to be done here
rt canicas: huh. religion finally resulted in something i can use.
rt fnicodemo: oh life, is bigger it's bigger than you and you are not me 30 anni di losing my religion rem embeddedurl
alendrel jlsigman ranaaurora c_stroop i said i am not a saint. that not deficiency in knowledge. maybe before cutting your teeth in religion, you need to start with other, more basic stuff, such as comprehension of basic words or text understanding.
raving_ravi_ profdilipmandal meenaharris you have common sense . do one thing please follow any other religion and then defend that religion rather than faking yourself to be any other person ... by the way you still dont know what hindu means.... and yes i can refer you books you can read..
cstribune iamnickreynolds rep. john bear wasn't able to save his own son from suicide via family or religion, but wants to keep trying that because the legislature should do nothing? why is he in the legislature to do nothing?
i've not needed a god or religion for as long as i can remember. in 2004 my ex-catholic priest dad teased me that he might have put rastafarian down on my birth certificate... miss him so much. such a way with words. embeddedurl
entertainment, religion, disease and the media the ruling factors. notice i didn’t mention money !!? it’s useless to them but useful for them
fibersamra exactly. like i said, freedom of religion also means freedom from religion.
drwitnesser cacaexcal eskyy focus on your own religion and stop shaming other peoples beliefs u old freak
new tumblr post: "cfp (conference): music and sound studies network, gsa conference; sept 30-oct 4, 2021 (extended deadline: 17 february 2021)" embeddedurl cfp, callforpapers, religion, religiousstudies, acrel
zenerrocksmc aigkenham xianity is in something of an identity crisis right now. it's been abstracted into either theology or a private experience. they're essentially teaching the theology, not the *religion.* xianity is not a philosophy, but it's been crammed down into greek categories far too often.
sankrant meenaharris btw what is caste system if not fascism. and what is more worst is that religion treats it as sacred.
around one percent of us citizens actively serve in our armed forces! though you shine the light on our country's mistakes, i will still fight & sacrifice! not for a particular race, religion or political party! but for our constitution that still blesses you with liberty!
woke is the new religion pushed by the controlling cabals (un, eu, imf, wef etc). it's a means of control. it's fundamental message is that you can't trust your own thought process or inclination but must follow the provided line as supplied by an approved pc priest of woke.
can't wait to join caseyrosengren caspertk and so many other friends and teachers of mine at the opendivsummit feb. 25-28th! i'll be teaching about reimagining religion in a changing world. join me here: embeddedurl embeddedurl
stonekettle it’s always about their religion. always. everyone else is just second class people who will power the fires of hell with their souls. no matter how they spin it they will portray themselves as being better.
teapainusa been saying this for awhile. the big lie, is religion. everything else mutates from that.
riyagup01707160 rajkummarrao do you even know what is the conviction rate of domestic violence and dowry harrasment case...?? all are the propeganda of feminist to destroy family structure, culture and religion..
rudygiuliani is this the religion you speak of? you're entire character is rotten, right to the core lies embeddedurl
jillsdaniel true.. religion caste r all just bs
‘undermining faith in nato’ is now grounds for twitter ban, because certain kinds of politics have become a religion — rt op-ed embeddedurl
no4skers bad religion by frank ocean
roddydavid6 mahlaeyadhliway kaulez2 tembamliswa you still think christianity is the only religion available, member its exotic to african beliefs even in israel only 2% follow it
ilhanmn aoc so glad you are entertained by those people. since your having such a good time, how about you taking world religion class and get yourself educated!!!
thecaravanindia disgusting article....to say the least. by someone who does not have a clue about how security forces functions. the day you put caste and religion politics into security system you are doomed... be careful be responsible.
there is no excuse using youe religion to hate someone, it is just directly a reflection as you as a person. love each other as god intended and do not treat people like shit, mainstream religion has become so warped. stop ruining the religion for other people as well. be kind.
radhacharandas bjp4india majority vote based on caste/religion. nothing to do with petrol/diesel
alinejadmasih islamic regime of thugs &thieves (islam) encourages young men to murder & rape women & children in this world for the promise of being able to rape young virgins in heaven for eternity! what kind of a messed up ideology is this religion? a_good_ayatolla_is_a_dead_ayatolla
this song is my religion it speaks to my soulll embeddedurl
i mean it’s the same bible that tells us to abide by rules made by authorities. if by section 104 is telling us by unnatural carnal knowledge is a crime den no be now i dey come use common sense when in my religion it is wrong too embeddedurl
many folks cite movement atheism’s reactionary factions, which is important. but on top of that a large contingent was vocally anti-organizing and community, and after 2016 a lot of people realized that religion simply wasn’t the root of many problems. embeddedurl
this is part of bjp and its supporters’ toolkit. going on trumpeting that bjp is secular and doesn’t do religion politics. if you believe it, please just accept that you’re either a liar or a fool. embeddedurl
danielregha davido you added your own to the simple statement. kindly show us your own talent and what it has promoted so far so we know your aren’t a hypocrite. and just so you know christianity is paganism. scriptures warns against religion. do you keep the holy days as it is written, ur beard?
mariewalsh18 i've been to church my entire life, and not once have i felt the need to get my photo taken out the front next to the sign of any church. that's not religion, that's a cult.
sltrib religion and conspiracy theories have the same authority and both should be heeded with caution.
there is no higher religion than human service... akfspreadingmillionsmiles alkhidmatorg msfoundationpk zatalks enaam_10 theasifshahzad embeddedurl
how to avoid hell & reserve your place in heaven seekthetruth gospeltruth embeddedurl studythebibleseekjesustrustgodsalvation tuesdaythoughtscatholictwitter tuesdaymotivationtuesdaymorningtuesdayvibereadthebible religion eternallife embeddedurl
in a video, the nebraskan condemned fellow republicans for treating politics like "a religion." and he reiterated his support for trump's impeachment. embeddedurl
billkristol i have told people trump is going to start a religion he can talk to worshiping crowds he can fill hotel rooms with his followers they will give him money all of it tax-free
priyankaadevii someday112233 hinduism is not a religion at all. even the word hindu has no history. it came into use in 8th century . it is used for "public".... british used two blanks in census proforma and where they mentioned hindus and muslims.
alexseiya_ foreverrebel also, prince was very vocally against holograms bc it was demonic and against his religion, yet jt used a prince hologram in the tribute show that he never should have headlined to begin with. it was utterly disrespectful.
tokyotheweirdo amoerike racheiaii the abuser got what he deserved period its not your job to critisize someones custom. and infact you make atheism/your religion look like a joke because of you. do better
kayleighmcenany i'm thinking of taking up this hobby of organised religion kayleigh. there seems to be quite a few to choose from. which is the correct one to go for? i'd quite like one that forgives me if i incite violence. also, i'd like to come back as a dinosaur. what's my best option?
had she's my religion by palewaves on repeat today :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes:
toddeherman just like your fictional religious beliefs your claims of voter fraud are just as outrageous. religion was made to control the people mostly the dumb and naïve ones believe that crap. you’re naïve and dumb so you fit the profile.. trumplost lockhimupnow
pandey_shru jub log voting dene se pahale caste aur religion dekhana band karenge thab.
hire us to do your; √psychology essays due √sociology english paper √history paper economics thesis religion lab report resume writing business quizzes anatomy pay statistics math chemistry assignments due tests finance psychology √physics dm us at writingreliable.
theskindoctor13 swamy39 the bjp came to power on religion, they are in power due to religion, they are getting votes only due to religion. supporters are pretending memory loss.
minecraftcow69 how were you sitting in it? cuz i can't sit in a chair straight for long. i'm all over the place on it. it's against my religion to do otherwise. embeddedurl
carcinogensda now that is a religion i can follow
i have an opinion about the portrayal of wanda's religion in the comics but i'm scared to say it
like rosiegabrielle, christianbetzmann also accepted islam after spending some time in pakistan... people who think islam or pakistan is all about terrorism, really need to spend some time in pakistan... mashaallah islam is the fastest growing religion in the world...
repmtg tech5960 daisybe59798028 gopleader greene how can you sit there talking about god and religion when it was you who had sex with other men for 25 yrs while still being married? you have no business preaching when your having sex with other men while still being married!
rt gr8believer: is covid a new religion?
foiegras16 cornelwest they are similar things, for people in the west, who are neither religion, they will have to use either the term kosher or halal, since both these religions have a lot of political power compared in those countries. i assume since your not from the west, you wouldn’t understand.
leadermcconnell the integrity of the upright guides them, but the unfaithful are destroyed by their duplicity. proverbs 11:3 those who consider themselves religious and yet do not keep a tight rein on their tongues deceive themselves, and their religion is worthless. james 1:26
ayenyeinthaw2 min aung hlaing said his aim is to protect religion.see tht?this old monk is now paying homage and praying by the barriers. in his hand, he was holding the banner “military coup end” photo crd inhuman military feb16coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
austynmayes2 argreene talbertswan you use your religion as club to bully and oppress others and still claim to be persecuted? always the victims, always the victors. it's disgusting
arabic is a language like english, like french, like german, like spanish, like hindi, like yoruba, hausa & ibo. it is not a religion.
ellenbrickley i wish someday the love of life has absolutely no relation 2 love of each other ... gay, straight, religion, transgender ... i am so tired of categorizing people. the pain, loss, love .. we all suffer. thankfully, there r times we grow from an unfortunate experience. off pedestal
mindvless they are my religion
profojiendatom hello, meanwhile i can get you books in pdf format at a very cheap price. personal development/inspirational, religion, finance, law, medical, love, novels, history etc i will get them for you within minutes. for inquiries and purchase, please dm
what's your religion? me: embeddedurl
jmcourtright natet_ glennbeck your religion is provably stupid, there’s a difference.
can’t understand how some ppl be friends with ppl that are a part of a religion that disrespects the allah, the prophets, wives and the companions of the prophet (pbuh)
who is indra ? is an ancient vedic deity in hinduism. he is a guardian deity (indā in pali) in buddhism, and the king of the highest heaven called saudharmakalpa in jainism. he is also an important deity worshipped in kalasha religion,
if someone opens their mind to the idea of religion and your first selfish reaction is to go "just ignore it" or deter them,heh, well... embeddedurl
oleitumbi hello i can get you pdf books at an affordable price. inspirational,engineering,law,political,religion,finance/business/.accounts,science,medicine,fiction,love,history etc.i will get them for you within embeddedurl purchase please dm
religion that god our father accepts as pure and faultless is this: to look after orphans and widows in their distress and to keep oneself from being polluted by the world. james 1:27 niv embeddedurl
agar khud ko indian and nationalist proof karne ke liye mujhe apna level and standard bahut neeche girakar, gandi languange use karke doosron ko neecha dikhana padega to mujhe anti-nationalist hi maan lo. my parents and my religion never taught me this. excellent work ncb
ashoswai double standard hypocrite dishonest india is a failed expansionist country in asia.india stop encroaching nepal's land, culture, religion, economy, politics & internal matters. lipulekhbelongstonepal kalapanibelongstonepal limpiyadhurabelongstonepal sustabelongstonepal
i offer legit services in chemistry biology finals essay due pay write english paper pay someone paper case study quiz homework online class religion book review assignment due chemistry physics econometrics
in the religion of the insecure , i must be myself , respect my youth ladygaga ' s - born this way
potus this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil chantaladasilva omarjadwat aayoub neal_katyal embeddedurl
rexchapman if it was wrapped up in the bible, he’d say that pot users are so out of control that they want to burn your religion to the ground and caravans of terrorists, antifa!!
during my shower when i'm naked i don't like to look at darkness while i dream of a dimension where peace is a religion
rt aig: atheism is religion embeddedurl
this shows fascists get rattled to the core by showing them the mirror. they want to remain behind the veil of religion/faith and hide their actual intentions. they know that foundation on which they have built their vision is shaky and they need propping every single day, embeddedurl
bettybowers religion: the first conspiracy theory.
rt pavanaynay: so, “don’t question another’s religious beliefs” is only applicable when it’s abt your religion? oh okay
encountering all these weak polemics against orthodoxy strengthens my faith. they make a lot of noise but at the end of the day, there is simply no good argument against orthodoxy. hallelujah for being a catechumen and being blessed to join this perfect religion.
i would like to remind trump's bestie adam of his voting record with trump because lotsa folks are gonna get religion next year and beyond. embeddedurl embeddedurl
cenkuygur cenkuygur i’ve followed tyt and normally agree with you and believe 100% that religion should have no part in politics and no one has the right to enforce their beliefs on anyone else. but there is no need for you to also be disrespectful to other people’s faiths
uberfacts religion is the largest sham of modern human history.
now on rmr: : a way that a religion : loop 3 series bb nowplaying radio hkw [210219.092558]
dottore_zam thats a tough one when you factor religion into it.
rajeshv32971619 kapilmishra_ind santana dharma followers must adopt intolerants attitude towards our religion and faith stronger than islam and tit for tat in each action in every sphere to save the existence of hindustan.
when we use the term "believe" when talking about science, it re-enforces the perception many people of faith have that science is a competing religion. science isn't to be "believed". it's to be understood.
simondlewis the military has been sabotaging the country. they use brainwashed-people to go against democratic government. they created genocide to attack government. even religion extremists (actually they are just paid thugs). if military power is removed, we can see the fair government.
danielk23942212 i would disagree there. but we all have our views religion is like sexuality...you can't pin it down to a specific. and i'm a true believer in interfaith
adrian_edgee i thought you were fighting addiction but you're just doing it for religion
5. however, if the aid provider talks abt god and teaches thru love and care and people choose to convert, that should be ok, and in fact celebrated. 6. religion is not a 1 occasion thing. it needs to be sustained. thru constant engagement, teaching, discussion etc.
len_jet scottmorrisonmp if george costanza started a religion, would it be as big as hillsong? brian houston's net worth is probably understated, to be fair.
translation: there's only one true religion and i (like everyone is born in it) man, you religiotards are a cliché embeddedurl
ilhanmn keep your religion out of politics.
yashwantsinha religion and gujarat asmita trumps economic distress! will gujarat ever vote against the bjp with its top two leaders modi & shah belonging to the state?
my guest author herbie brennan talks comparative religion and the paranormal embeddedurl embeddedurl
30dozzy amafolabi1 ighalojude i know you will say that, but free your mind off this kind of words and ask questions about the religion first
rayneydaze kyussknight transamazon there are some atheists who have a fervent belief that theism is harmful or that adopting a fact-based point of view is beneficial, or like me who believe that secularism must be maintained in government arenas. that doesn't make atheism itself a religion, as there are also many
believing in a particular system of faith is religion, the goal is to gradually ignite the spiritual aspect of you, learning and knowing we all exist as one in many. this quite may be misleading. untoldghana afrikhmms blackness embeddedurl
being raised catholic (more so in school than home) really kills religion for you. so you’re telling me this all-knowing, all loving sky deity draws the line at being gay? that the whole point of jesus coming and dying was to kill the old ways except for that exact part? ok embeddedurl
[the word for today] religion that god our father accepts as pure and faultless is this: to look after orphans and widows in their distress and to keep oneself from being polluted by the world. james 1:27 niv embeddedurl embeddedurl
whens my silly little vixen religion romance gonna happen /j
ohnorita alizaslav he also set the days and hours around his religion so this is not believable.
reptedlieu you must use religion against the republicans. if you want to convict trump. “wwjd”, what would jesus do”? that will put the republicans on the spot. most of trump’s base are religious trump has committed all 10 commandments and talk about pence
mobilepunch and if federal government makes such a promotion in government works they would be clamouring for bad leaders. fake religion
medievalists, what readings do you recommend to ug students who are struggling to understand medieval attitudes to religion? i get this question a lot and i feel like i should have the perfect thing to read up my sleeve, but i don't.
new: explanation of a du'ā seeking wellbeing for one's religion, dunyā, family & wealth: explained by shaikh ubaydullāh al-mubārakfūri, followed by an amazing journey of friendship with shaikh rabee': an ijāzah and isnād back to the scholars of hadeeth! embeddedurl
witchoregon a lot of new age is just swapping one religion for another: dogma by another name. hierarchies, magical, dualistic thinking, exclusion, i have the right beliefs so i'm in and you don't so you're out etc. so 20th century tbh.
bad religion - infected (live on david latterman,1994) embeddedurl
sunbugg my motivation is exposing all the lies including religion. what else can i do when i'm wide awake and all i'm seeing is people fast asleep. nothing is coming to me...i don't fall for any bullshit.
especially when you take into account that most of the people saying "actually my religion is a significant part of my culture" are poc or otherwise marginalized (immigrants, jewish people, etc.) and most of the people saying "no lmao" are super white americans but you know
theprintindia what about nalin yadav, or does one has to be of certain religion to be mentioned or be angry about? also why nt appreciate people taking judicial path to counter hate speech, rather than taking matters in their own hands.
pulpy_milk exverum spiritedsparr0w at that point (and i am included in n), it rapidly becomes obvious that it's no coincidence that religion and science both agree that the crux of life is reproduction. unfortunately for all, by mid-late middle age, it's very difficult to make a play in that direction from nil.
"a poll conducted last year by the public religion research institute found a record 70 percent of americans support same-sex marriage, including about half of republicans." via mercuryvirginia embeddedurl
cheapskatesnwrk iammattn dollyparton yeah hi, ex-christian here. stop that. if "religion" symbolizes greed and works of the flesh, then stop worshiping god. after aii isn't christianity a *reiigion*?... stop preaching to people who don't wanna hear it.
this is a really interesting thread, anyone interested in religion and how it’s been politicized check it out! embeddedurl
linkedhd 8 so far. to much religion stuff & be more aggressive at the attempted coup supporters & people in office.
enebelisam the amount of cognitive dissonance packed in organized religion is very disturbing. i'm tired of questioning and i'm glad for common sense
kezashea mrrobtyson bigbrotherwatch nickglynn silkiecarlo bbcradio4 well now your just coming up non realistic examples. we are currently in a pandemic and many thousands have died so obviously many businesses will do anything to protect themselves from being shut again. they have no obvious or any reason to ban people or colour/religion.
and if the world ever has an apocalypse i will kill all of you fuckers. fear will be plentiful, death will be bountiful i will spare none of you peasants. fuck your religion, your pastor fuck kids and got sent to a prison in pc.
ksorbs hehe, no worries. atheist friends are probably liberal-minded (or should be), and they understand the personal choice of belief (if they are liberal). if not, they are not liberal, but followers of competing religion (socialism), so fuck them. they also are not atheists.
"i think a lot of people in our time are put off by religion, describing it as 'organised religion' because it has always been presented to them in rigid, black and white structures devoid of any love, soul, colour, expression or art." embeddedurl
plus, to cut islam out of its context as an abrahamic religion, making it an “other” when it shares so much common dna with judaism and christianity, is ahistorical, disingenuous, and yes, islamophobic
kvonstrangelove bryanc75516505 srsinger40 projectlincoln nobody thinks you're not an american if you aren't christian. freedom of religion is one of the main reasons america came to be.
spookydonger patrickstarnum1 engelmaxim davidbradahaw oreo also, very edgy. what the hell is that profile pic. and anti thiest saying “religion is horribly evil must be eradicated” perfectly matches how edgy and moronic and shallow you are
biden: “islam is a religion of peace”. trump: “we will fight radical islamic terrorism”. biden: “we will allow 11 million illegal immigrants in america”. trump: “i eradicated isis and killed soleimani & al-baghdadi. under biden's administration, usa & india is in grave danger!
recent reactions of myanmar people amidst the fight against coup. it is not about religion - buddhist or muslim or whatever. the real evil behind every armed-oppression crime was military all along. don’t confuse ! whatshappeninginmyanmar hearthevoiceofmyanmar embeddedurl
bahstinguy if you ask me, i think every religion is crazy
cemthree them trust the science people treated the conversation too much like religion , they never gonna fold
kmeeo wonderking82 regwag2003 could be that religion thing to...you know those elected religious types!
3. "rama is aryan invader raksashi is our devi" 4. "invaders aryan oppressed us destroyed our true religion imposed hinduism" embeddedurl
rt har_oun95: she could've make a religion out of this 2 millennias ago
extend the grace of god, not the shame of religion
in our family, there was no clear line between religion and high volume trading.
arguments with the mask religion: me: posts graph of masked area having horrific results them: there’s no control! me: posts graph with controls showing masks didn’t help them: but density! me: posts graph of higher density areas doing better w/out masks them: data is fake!
himanshuhari4 imro45 in 1951 84% hindu, today only 79% hindu leftmuslim boys are hiding their religious identity and tell their wrong name,and give fake documents and use other religion's girls pls do complain into nearby police station if they try to convert you or do love-jihad
i guess the hate for rush limbaugh is real mr savage, not a single remark about rush dying on february 17 2021, wow not very nice from a person who preaches religion, no respect for another human who loved america, and i'm not religious, wow... embeddedurl
areyousurebruv if we can act perfectly morally without religion i just fail to see what even the point is
thelaurenchen bridgetphetasy inezfeltscher you should proudly revel in it. the fact that they are wheeling in a golden trump effigy should make more speakers drop out. you can't equate leftist wokeism to religion and have an entire party worship at the feet of a golden mad man
dowchesters mohamme21842023 tammytabby well, that started with ignorance of other cultures and the fear that others would try to conquer first. also, the whole “my culture is superior to yours” without examining their own shortcomings. war starts with dividing people by gender, colour, religion, perceived intellect...
subhanallah! still shocked this happened! may allah grant them jannah! which religion permits the killing of innocent people. innalilaahi waina ileyhi raajicuun. my condolences to the family and colleagues of our fallen sisters. rest in peace! embeddedurl
ahaleiii luladivinia1 florencequinne yes force. going to someone else’s home and trying to force your religion down other peoples throat bc you think ur religion is right and everyone else’s is wrong.
choices! you don't have to go to the usual places to grab your copy of my book - waterstones: catholicnews trending religion priests positivevibes books declanhenryau... embeddedurl declanhenryauthor trending news embeddedurl embeddedurl
froooopi kihyunfucker hennaaaab officialmonstax starship_staff we didn't blame the artist tho??? + if you aren't a muslim stop talking on our behalfs and respect our religion we have every right to be angry
information and facts about non-religion embeddedurl
placesteph carolinefff now, which part of the eqa protects 'gender reassignment' from being identified? does it also mean people can keep their sex, race, religion, disability, sexual orientation, age and marital status to themselves?
johnson4dallas most texans across race, region, & religion want government to work in our interest. yet the gop sweats only for their dirty fuel friends’ profits. as we join forces across our differences, all our families can get warm from clean, local energy. no exceptions! snowmageddon2021
jrwhipstock the red where the east of germany were controlled by the ussr have completely demolished all religion.
chevalsurge you mean a religion?
rt eddiemmwangi: this is the democracy, human rights, religion and our values propaganda. this guys don’t care. embeddedurl
rt fomax112: gechife ban all foreign religion in nigeria and see what will happen... embeddedurl
_amitbehere someone did deep research on the below and is working well. 1. caste and religion divide works exceptionally well in india 2. anti-muslim is pro-india. 3. dalits/ lower caste are only meant to be exploited. practicing hate & religious divide is rewarding.
// vent , school , suicide implication , religion mention embeddedurl
crawlings13 captainmorgans5 mdavep yesh atid is responsible for demonstrations and some bad choices. meretz is anti religious including liberal religion. and labor, well, is also.
nobody in the republican party thinks donald trump is going to come for them...until he does. then they find religion.
malaysia experiencing the loss of highly skilled people to foreign countries bc we focus more on race/religion and what citizens do in their personal lives rather than actual policies and economic stimulation embeddedurl
markofthed it is almost fractal, in that each group will split (even life of brian noted this). i have no problem with you criticizing religion, as hypocrites abound. faith is something slightly different, perhaps more personal.
the dutch attitudes toward religion, cultural differences, and trade are the very foundation of new york’s libertine spirit. it is the precise reason nyc has a completely unique feeling, attitude, and outlook from anywhere else, even nearby boston, philadelphia, or long island. embeddedurl
while attending religious services is generally associated with improvements in mental wellbeing, a new study reports spiritual experiences and belief in divine leading can lead to an increased risk of depression, especially in men. religion depression embeddedurl
debbiestar19 occult practices are generally seen as those that fall outside the scope of organised religion
greglaurie jennaellisesq let me see if i’ve got this straight: you’re a rebel if you’re a part of the largest religion in the world? :upside-down_face:
slick_w sethmpk jessicaramos maybe this is a novel concept to you but religion isn't the same as government.
jojofromjerz these people want to turn america into a religion in and of itself. the “constitution” would be the newest testament.
abayomiagbomire femiakuti if is a man of other religion he will have been in dss detention by now..or if his from other part of the country. his families and communities will have been comb by all military and police force..but see him granting interviews.shame on who ever is dss boss
i feel like the madnesschurch needs a wrestler on board with the religion, and i wish it was wwealeister since the 7 statements of the madness kind of steal from the church of satan anyway.
missjscarlett msgivezerofox skiemel89 pipthedoodle sallou20 joey_cuppa wintercoasts hence me comparing them to a flat earther a bit back... to which they started the "lgbt is a religion/ideology/political idea/cult" talk. while repeating those exact same lgbt-phobic arguments from decades ago...
danpatrick "if there is any fixed star in our constitutional constellation, it is that no official, high or petty, can prescribe what shall be orthodox in politics, nationalism, religion, or other matters of opinion or force citizens to confess by word or act their faith therein."
adjorlolomike this christian life is not so hard, na religion spoil am. some love songs are cleaner than songs of solomon. if there's one thing to learn from songs is that it's ok to be romantic with your congenial spouse. love songs have their place, worship songs too. know this & know peace.
i’m not gonna bring up my views on religion anymore. or call it a fandom anymore, either. that was a stupid take, and i apologize for ever expressing it. as long as you’re not hurting anyone, you are all free to believe whatever you want.
deluded people hiding under religion embeddedurl
claremont school of theologywm. andrew schwartz, center for information on religion in south asia patrick d�silva, university of colorado
"this makes no sense!" when evaluating allah's religion, remember we were not there in the beginning & we will not be here at the end. our time on this earth is but a glimpse of a much broader reality. what we don't know is far greater than what we do know.
listening to animolenikun speak in thenewnigerian_ room on ch was so soothing :man_getting_massage_medium-dark_skin_tone::man_getting_massage_medium-dark_skin_tone::man_getting_massage_medium-dark_skin_tone:. african traditional religion is so beautiful and interesting tnnyoruba
rt aarjeekaykannan: dude, i'm hindu.stop using religion as a cover for anti-nationalism.
queer in faith group examines intersection between religious and lgbtq+ identities ilovegayfaith - carleton’s new queer in faith group seeks to hold space for members of the lgbtq+ community in whose lives religion plays or has played any role... embeddedurl embeddedurl
rt king_blacq: and sapa no mind religion, muslim sapa name na sapariyahu christain own na sapson embeddedurl
somebody asked me yesterday if i had any happy religion stories. so i talked about this piece on buddhism and sci-fi, which features a data scientist, an ai poet, and a former cosplaying newspaper reporter turned buddhism lama. so much fun to write. embeddedurl
is china an atheist country? china has the world's greatest irreligious population, &the chinese government and communist party is officially atheist. religious expression & assembly, religion is not banned, & religious freedom is nominally protected chinese constitution.
pelosi is the enemy of 'we the people". unfit, unstable and reprobate in all her ways. she needs to take that crucifix pin obama gave her off of her dress. she is 'mocking' the catholic religion. anti-christ is her name! proverbs: 6:16-19 embeddedurl
the_sully_dnp king_of_bob llisonmickel thought about this a lot in 5th grade and combined with the existence of dinosaurs, i decided religion was nonsense and was so angry during the next 4 years of sunday school
kayleighmcenany if churches want to be considered an essential business then pay taxes. also, it's fucked up a religion doesn't care about human life.
amzignf my religion is a motherfucker fuck uhh keyboard no don't say that
soul ties is pseudoscience superstition that is used to overwhelmingly target women into sexual suppression of their true desires and identities! religion has a huge part to play in this madness! abolish soulties today! embeddedurl
quran allah wordsofwisdom truewords islam religion truereligion embeddedurl
taapsee first of all please clarify that which country do you live in, which religion do you follow and who do you support india or khalistan ?
mtgreenee did you not take an oath to uphold and protect the constitution, a document that doesn't not mention your god or religion. you serve the american people, and you serve at our discretion, not a god's. you're realizing that your past is catching up, so you're now just spewing bs.
rt ngeact64: progressivism is a religion without a god. shundemocrats
deeoneayekooto we still talk about these ethnic and religion things. we cannot forge ahead hanging these two burdens on our necks. it is high time we discard the two in our national life. it is hurting the nation and impeding it progress. the main things we need is unity in diversity.
unpopular addition: so is your diet, education and religion. embeddedurl
rafiziramli there’re also some who lose their religion at rock bottom.
marcorubio i talked to god. he says you're a pos, a wimp, and sad representative of religion. repent, and resign! now.
there are mixes of religion and mythology in a way that makes you believe this could all be true. paranormal romance angelsanddemonstrilogy read now as ebook or paperback and on ku embeddedurl embeddedurl
mesopotamian (palmyra syria) deity aglibol - vote for your god today! embeddedurl – biggest religion poll on-line aglibol check thousands of mighty gods on religer and vote for them!
blotmonath williamthegray gandalfthewhi19 a fight between catholics and protestants... that is, people who are of the same blood and origin killing each other in order to defend a foreign religion that was responsible for the massacre of their own ancestors.
defnotlyco so, u want me to sacrifice a goat or cow? im learning about an old religion and faith at my history class and i maybe know a little too much
it is good to die for religion but for religious fanaticism one must neither live nor die. liveandlove loudre embeddedurl
evans_miloo williamsruto are there any books you want to read? i could get them for you in pdf format at affordable prices. personal development books, religion, finance/business, health, love, history and others. inbox for questions/purchases. embeddedurl
ocelotblood aja02537920 bossing30421905 sleepylivichu supa_str8 look just because you are getting your definition of women from the newspeak dictionary 2021 edition does not mean that the rest of us have to buy into your religion.
georgeomahony8 donaldclarke63 how is it left wing to not want the state broadcaster to promote a specific religion? less intrusive government is a right wing thing i thought?
dv_reporter this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil ilhanmn omarjadwat rashidatlaib neal_katyal embeddedurl
this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil rashidatlaib neal_katyal briandeesenec ambrice46 whcommsdir embeddedurl embeddedurl
thereal_truther holistichappy5 ok, but in what way is a global pandemic in which many governments tried to do as little as possible to upset the status quo unlike the attempted extermination of a population based on their ethnicity and religion?
uncalgary eflorian10 canadianpolling leantossup you can be pro liberty and still be against legalizing heroin, there’s a difference between libertarianism and anarchism. the conservatives are pro freedom of speech, religion, gun rights, you name it, the liberals want to increase government oversight, simple
pyeerk olivesagan ive heard of religion and mysticism described as like a joke and you just have to get it before you can appreciate it. hopefully i can get there but for now every line of reading toward it sounds like “dude trust me” to me. given materialist accounts also always end that way
the heartbeat of a dogmatic fundamentalist is an adherence to faith, complete with the elect and the damned, and original sin. and too often, the weaker the reality, the more powerful the delusion to keep it. he's a grand wizard of the new religion of [anti-]racism. embeddedurl
sayantika12 happy women day,u r philanthropist,raising voice to rescue suffering.iam founder sun religion charitable trust, serve to mankind is serve to god if u kindly donate god bless u it helpful to poor,state bank of india,a/c:39189682080,ifsc:sbin0006242,mobile:9791605346
„if people start hoping to become immortal through technology, they won’t have much interest in religion or hope for resurrection.“ //cc as__terra embeddedurl
patricktheb simples18790446 rossgilroy robertbrowniej8 davestewart4444 secularsandwich skthii1 cern_lxxl hp19763 velveteven thecatheist imkimaaron zypisfy willsworldview chortling_man bearschoice2020 pray2pesci discojerrys boler_stephen johnkrahn2 brianslimdog77 oohglobbits5 wolfpak561 jea_jordan splintersimba davidveillon5 jools6691 globalist13903 andrewrchapman phoenix42505497 markthorsby1 alan244g technogauntlet jd_and_coke_1 tris_stock orna_verum cleisthenes5 bobfish1973 zapher134 randolf828 th1rt3en_tm praisehisname50 narratingfools billreagan16 godflythe judger9000 horusrage pdxsecularguy verniejim physicisttx more useless info: faeries are actually the old celtic gods rebranded by irish christian monks who wanted to preserve the indigenous culture their religion was destroying.
updatesaddison stillo1000000 lilnasx i hope that this whole "not everyone wants to believe in a religion and it is extremely stupid of you to force it" thing is just an act or a phase and you change your ways, god loves you and hes willing to forgive you as long as you are willing to be forgived. stay blessed
in politically disempowered ladakh, ut has failed to address our issues & created an undemocratic atmosphere where people are being discriminated on the basis of region,religion & ethnicity. restorestatehood embeddedurl
thehill religion is and always has been a tool for racism.
this is the voice of thousands of diversity visa lottery winners from 2017, 2018,2019,2020 that have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust muslim ban (p.p. 9645) and their visas have been denied potus vp secblinken muslimban africanban dv2017_2020 embeddedurl
worminanet delexical ronanmullen rte you claim we're living through a deadly virus? i tell you we're not. although you're a bigot, you could find some sympathy for those who hold religion important to them, you could acknowledge that churches play no part in the spread of your supposed 'killer virus'...
drsjaishankar meaindia why does one need to choose a religion on the online visa form for india? why does the website not accept 'other' as an option? websites very cranky for a country known to have the best it skills. please make websites for commissions user-friendly
religion isnt bad. embeddedurl
aayoub this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. secblinken secmayorkas potus vp embeddedurl
nsrg_shah that's precisely the difference: science: forward looking, organized religion: backward looking!
they (the territorist -sac ) are again attacking the religion and minorities in myanmar at 2021. please make them sure that they carry their crime accordingly rapporteurun hrw schranerburgen1 whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
free on kindle "contextual theology: skills and practices of liberating faith (routledge new critical thinking in religion, theology and biblical studies)" by sigurd bergmann & mika vähäkangas embeddedurl (affiliate link)
sadhgurujv cmotamilnadu mkstalin shivaroor sir/ madam, religion is a personal entity. help us to affirm the fundamentals of santana dharma & allow one to practice religion alone or with group of one’s choice! let the group be responsible for maintaining religious places not the state/ government! we all have faith in you.
.abierkhatib it’s reprehensible that you bring up my religion to deflect from that fact that you attacked aliabunimah for writing about debunked claims from a christian zionist fanatic who wants to see the al-aqsa compound demolished. embeddedurl embeddedurl embeddedurl
//religion thinking about my experience w/the catholic church as a queer trans girl this fine morning thanks to this. probably will ramble in a thread, don't feel hesitant to mute it if you don't want to see embeddedurl
religion is like a blind man looking in a black room for a black cat that isn't there, and then finding it
da’naia jackson situation actually pisses me off. i hate to see women bound hand and foot to religion and having no life outside of it. no way of viewing things without it and can’t go a full convo without mentioning it.
when it is a question of money, everybody is of the same religion.
with increased aapi violence + ongoing islamaphobia + xenophobia, we intentionally focused on religious practices that impact our identities, daily lives, + culture. like anything humans touch, religion can be flawed, assumptions + misinformation are far more dangerous + deadly.
k_barbiexx because we've come to the idea that the ideals of said religion (at least the ones zealots like to invoke against our will) are outdated, and we don't want to compromise how we live. plus, we've also seen how the heads of christianity often abuse their positions.
rt uwachikata: _kasuba_ reserve religion for other things and lets keep business just for that...business
usenvoyiran bbcpersian this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu potus ckuck adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil ilhanmn omarjadwat rashidatlaib neal_katyal embeddedurl
themooseoftruth talkradio martindaubney iromg benhabib6 didn't realise "lockdowns" were a religion, but i'd say intelligent would be one word for it (go on i dare you call reuters anything of the sort you insult others with) embeddedurl
criticalracetheory: a marxist construct developed (under another name, of course) by leon trotsky. designed to divide people by race (or religion, ethnicity, etc.) & pit groups against 1 another by scapegoating 1 groups' problems on a designated target group. it works. embeddedurl
maga2020110 olayinkajimoh13 mobilepunch exactly my dear brother, we are totally different both language and culture even our religion understanding
citi973 when a parent and their ward willingly sign off on a document to abide by a school’s terms of admission, and they turn around to cry foul, do you blame the school? short hair in motown is a rule for hygiene reasons to curb any spread of lice, ringworm etc, not religion!!! embeddedurl
this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) including iranians & yemenis who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates‌ niacouncil rashidatlaib debbialmontaser embeddedurl
kdrajagopal the_hindu and by democracy we mean equality irrespective of cast ,creed and religion..not appeasement politics...hope the better sense prevail....
jaysusan chuck28202637 jackposobiec i choose to humble myself, and i do not need any denomination to do so. any religion that involves idolizing human beings such as with a papacy or mary is not of christ. evil manifested itself into that church, that’s evident throughout the history of it.
my chapter on barth, religion, and religions starts with this exchange, but goes on to suggest an alternative trajectory for advancing barth's critique of religion than his own triumphalism embeddedurl embeddedurl
rabyaahahmed we greencard lottery winners(2017-2020) were selected and invited by u.s gov, but all refused just because of our nationality & religion it's unfair & against human right do justice . i_want_my_miracle_back muslimban potus vp ambrice46 nedprice secblinken presssec aclu embeddedurl
this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil rashidatlaib neal_katyal briandeesenec ambrice46 whcommsdir embeddedurl
1stthes521 zalphaprime zebub_b_l wrathof44454681 a_damned_smith sdarkmore wisemanryder longforgottena1 candysmith74 wolfpak561 willsworldview wmmanry splintersimba sbuddie1877 wiguy45 th1rt3en_tm 1pckt avic_wins babetruth2 hoffingtoniii fixedintime heathenwombat hesanaughtyboy malo_j cleisthenes5 buggford quiptography smug2bme fearing_aid docsnoe palmdebbie fullmetalja pg13scottwatson mwforhr smokeystafford ah_science andrewrchapman slsstudios jackiebarbosa edwardwongy freewillburnya a_draeros jordan17910 allison23829042 johnkrahn2 greg2467535753 "considering your godless religion" for the last time ron, rejecting your garbage assertions is not a religion. gotta love how you keep ignoring me. it's almost like you have no counter.
stopthecaps snowdine jameliatijani it's not your religion either, just bc u believe in it doesn't mean it's yours to shape and interpret as you want to.
tobslovea godlovesslavery ndumeiheochere crankboy1965 achanceywill curious_jonn mykael_yuddy makatahenry adetom1wa amchinelo twyse2199 cuppymusic he’s trying to explain to you that as powerful as you people think religion is none of the testimonies given in religious grounds will ever be admitted in court even if the members of the jury and judge are christians they won’t ever hear “the lord spoke to me in a vision and-
zoroastrians try matchmaking to keep religion alive embeddedurl
many mainstream white christians fall into that. black too of course, but i tend to focus on white christianity because a lot of people see it as a white religion when its actually not. thats another topic for another day.
wayward_island xboxaddict3 luvzmez3 k_barbiexx chiidumebii oh no i still read the bible and i still believe in the bible, i just don't have a religion.
kapilbaghel10 refuter_indol yestolive birinchibaba2 manva_tweets zoo_bear because it is universal soul god (param-atma) preaching , so it's universal...sanatana dharma is first most ancient religion of the world ,which empahised everything on the basis of karma nd dharma.. nd for better functioning people were assigned varnas for quality work
true to my religion. werockin :call_me_hand_medium-dark_skin_tone: edmond, oklahoma embeddedurl
true religion "becky" (27) women's designer jeans - check out this listing i just added to my poshmark closet: true religion “becky” (27) women’s designer jeans. embeddedurl
i often think that i am a hypocrite when it comes to my religion and beliefs. god makes it so clear what he wants from us, but we steady do what is pleasing to our personal desires.
kingron_b you know she wouldn't. i can't even understand what the hell is going on. sad times we are in. i don't like throwing religion around but damn man that foundation has been thrown out and this sick shyt has flown in. disgraceful.
godmorningsunday sundaythoughts our race is living being, humanity is our religion. hindu, muslim, sikh, christian, there is no separate religion. - saintrampaljim embeddedurl
sstephanie_____ what do they paint him as cause i don’t think it’s right to talk ab religion and make a statement like white christians specifically paint him someway
i’m agnostic but i’m glad my president participated in his religion instead of a guy who organized a photo opportunity in front of a church with a bible. embeddedurl
ailanational this is the voice of thousands of diversity visa lottery winners from 2017 2018 2019 2020 that have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust muslim ban (p.p. 9645) and their visas have been denied please support usafricanban muslimban dv2017 dv2020
charliekirk11 which would be blood on his hands as per leftist religion.
paul bond wsws “love is my religion—i could die for that”: the bicentenary of the death of english poet john keats (1795–1821) poet lyricchanel lyrical lyrik gedicht poesie literatura literatureposts embeddedurl
reshmi_delhi ganeshsp47 all individuals belief needs to be respected but only in the boundaries of non-violence. but politicians use the ignorance of people and twist the concept of religion so that they can gain maximum vote. politics should not use religion/caste as their mantra for vote (2/2)
cnn just like every major religion......
this is what comes of importing a foreign and alien body of people into our christian country. they have their own countries, but come here to spread their malign 'religion' and to live off our benefit system. embeddedurl
no religion should be immune from criticism or discussion. embeddedurl
theessexradical sadiqkhan i also think trying to reduce a religion to a secular ideology, like conservatism of socialism, is always dangerous.
own peril because you talk about hate but it is your religion that has made me hateful because of your nun's at my primary school called me evil and slapped me with a ruler on my left all because i wanted to use my left hand to write this went on from the age of 5 until i was 8
zinnykalu7 biafra is my religion and there i n radio biafra i worshipped 1. ipob family banglore 2. ipob family bangalore india
repbradwenstrup science is essentially the study of the real world to find answers to unknown truths. science is about that which can be proved. religion is based upon faith. faith is the belief in something that can’t be proved. please don’t try to conflate the two. embeddedurl
worldmeetjohn mrandyngo but the crime was specifically commited because religion was a centerpiece of it. the beheading, crime, happened because of a cartoon of mohammed, islamic prophet. religion is a centerpiece here.
the iq of a mob is the iq of its most stupid member divided by the number of mobsters - terry pratchett this saying has absolutely no connection with religion of p! justsaying
if you're wondering at the point of this tweet, look no further. 1. you are not a sinner 2. you don't need a saviour 3. religion is a complete waste of time, consequently, prayer is useless. 4. your religion is lying to you.
yasmohammedxx deeply embarrassing that this is happening here, in what is supposed to be a free society. actual grown men are standing there demanding an apology for a caricature of a fictional character & the police are reading it out! all religion should be put were it belongs - in the past!
articles of confederation: the first u.s. government & the role of religion in the states that ratified it embeddedurl
mikepompeo did you think of writing this as you looked at yourself in the mirror? some of your statement applies to you directly (division/tension), but not the part you’d like your followers to believe. you usurp religion and exploit their faith. and no, some are made in the image of evil.
social: childhood, family dynamic, identity, class, sexuality, ability, ethnicity, race, cultural background, education level, financial situation, housing and so on. spiritual: beliefs, spiritual practices, religion and so on. 17/
kashmiri muslims should take history classes before making up stories about kashmir. hinduism was the first religion in kashmir and that makes hindus the original inhabitants and later buddhist came in. also, butchering as a profession & hobby is confined to muslims only. embeddedurl embeddedurl
jamesfloveiv jackposobiec catholicism is more religion than faith. i'm sure they believe just as much as christians but the rules are more loose with the world; like any religion people follow it's (sadly) more reflective to the timeline than the truth.
chuuplnt jonghodesi tetesfairyy lol... looks like you are allergic to truth.. truth and reality of your religion.. islam is an evil and regressive ideology created by 7th century arabian desert men to suit their carnal desires of women and wealth...
my religion embeddedurl
lovingaliens bluesdfred zhanz0 kristinoem lilnasx i’ll respect the religion when it’s members stop raping children.
teach313al muslimcouncil miqdaad zaram01 hassanjoudi_ rashidathassan islamchannel skynews holocaust - true, can be proved, religion - false, cannot be proven. see the difference? batley batleygrammar religion
this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil ilhanmn omarjadwat rashidatlaib neal_katyal embeddedurl embeddedurl
normalize having a close and intimate relationship with jesus. he did not die so that we could have a religion. but he died for us so that we could have a relationship with him thank you jesus:folded_hands_medium-dark_skin_tone:
darkbobcat tbbrame so every time we have this discussion about guns, middle america feels like their civil rights are being dictated by politicos who think of them as "flyover" country. in my estimation, the issue isn't really about guns at all...or religion...or race. 4/
check out this listing i just found on poshmark: true religion straight leg jeans size 26 (2). embeddedurl shopmycloset poshmarkapp
joeum77 newsmax paula_white no religion, is clearly not a religion. the term atheist means - without theism. by definition, it is not a religion
glasgowpam like organised religion football and it’s fans is just problematic and mess up.
sometimes some people on the left are so seethingly anti-religious that it kinda makes me reel. it's almost malice against religion and religious folks at times not saying that there's not often good reason for that, but it certainly isn't helping the cycle of hate
k_barbiexx my problem isn't with the religion its with its followers. respect is a 2 way street, if you disrespect other religions don't expect respect back. if you preach something but don't follow it i will call you out. my religion is older than yours, leave me be and i'll do the same
yesterday i got involved in a ugly beef with a indian ( most probably a kid) he kept on abusing my country and my religion, but i held my serves, he tried to get under my skin but i did not let it happen
are very important. can we say because we are old now these rules never helped us or isn’t good? can we say because we now use iphones we are so westernized that religion, rules and even food to eat should not forced on kids and learners? on discrimination i don’t even know
assignmentande1 kindly hmu for help with your; excel stats assignments projects case study presentations discussion posts history course work paper pay econometrics accounting english essay biology law calculus religion book review anatomy dm now
lani_malome yokorich7 cnn this person asked what the purpose of being homosexual was. i provided my opinion. personally i’m not catholic but if i were religious i’d want my religion to accept all people as i would think that is what a god who created us would want. but to each their own.
theycallmeprada kingcjay_ “homophobic joke” read for context , y’all interpret every banter into homophobia please come off it . and yes , people believe in religion so to them it’s real and this tweet could be offensive to them, you can’t be a gatekeeper of what is real and what isn’t.
luminary_wings lmao nope they’re too busy minding everybody else’s business and shoving their religion down our throats
mikartaz kaafir091 shubham_nayak60 firsebolraghu ani thx for bringing this "bhakt" syndrome up .. stop disgracing this good word for selfish means .... and + i have never seen any ni to be ashamed of being from north so i don't know why this thinking.. and the "anti national" syndrome is not based on religion didi
atlus heard the “religion is the opium of the masses” karl marx quote and said, “we can make an antagonist out of this” and then persona 5 was created
this must have started back when everything was religion based and even though religion and law were suppose to be separate i suppose out sex love was on the religious side.
realpedroeno saharareporters ritaeng1234 nassnigeria all have the right to practice their religion especially in public places, because we are secular state, everyone equal rights, even free thinkers.if society isn't secular,then the predominant faith takes precedence. let govt hands off mission schs and leave them for xtians alone
xoamani can we not make this about religion or race for just one time ?
azessie azfamily this is why i have zero respect for organized religion of any kind.
rt gtconway3dg: kellyo still can't get over how trump said biden would "abolish religion", and that he wanted to "hurt god."
this is xi/putin crazy. republicans have turned their backs on democracy. and christianity. ppl better perk up. it is not a stretch to see them banning religions, even christians, that do not follow the evangelical religion. the us is fighting a fight for democracy. embeddedurl
jowrotethis yeah religion has never murdered people...
mrtank586 pmddomingos kids don't need to have one sided, closed minded politics beaten into their heads. since 2016, politics has become this annoying pest, worse than organized religion. it is people's religion now, and it's even more pathetic.
satyagodara choudhary_ji123 no matter what caste nd religion u belong, kisan ko kisan nhi manta vo bhi teri personal soch h, (0.5% business sector m or 65% agriculture sector m) jitna fark yha h itna hi fark inke budget m hota h. desh crony capitalism ki taraf bend hora h yo to dikh ra hoga educated indian
dateofqadrnightramadan1442 (know that) i serve not those whom you serve besides allah, but i serve allah, who causes you to die; and i am commanded to be of the believers,(104) and that you set your purpose towards the religion uprightly;" 02-03 -2021 ad embeddedurl embeddedurl
it's so weird that religion is being brought to us, we accepted it and took total control of it even more than those who brought it to us. our brain is like that of a fish! religion is one of the key that's causing set back for everyone in this nation.
noplaceforsheep so sorry this happened to you. mine was my high school music teacher. he was also part of the religion in which i was raised. double access. i took him to court. 26 years later. statute of limitations. short suspended sentence. for me - a lifetime sentence. still so angry.
lonewolf907 nomadsovereign danboy yes i think you should be able to ban someone from your premises based on their religion or political persuasion, because they are choices. i’m not saying i would agree with you banning them, but i think you should be entitled to do it.
lgbtsrh whywouldyou_uk cristo_radio nazandmatt religion is a lifestyle choice; we know this, because so many people choose to change their religion...
aclu we greencard lottery winners(2017-2020) were selected and invited by u.s gov, but all refused just because of our nationality & religion it's unfair & against human right do justice . i_want_my_miracle_back muslimban potus vp ambrice46 nedprice secblinken presssec aclu embeddedurl
mmpadellan whose god? there are many gods, worshiped by many people. the constitution strictly forbids the establishment of religion.
crxy0 modern religion is just so fucking dated and the only people who believe it are the ones who grew up with it. not saying all who grow up with it stay religious, but the only ones who are still religious come from that.
bad religion embeddedurl nowplaying
military thugs destroyed traditional sand pagoda in ahlone ,yangon and carried the parts with garbage truck. their atrocities have no limits. they don’t even care about religion. internet dark era whatshappeninginmyanmar mar26coup embeddedurl
live podcast: the church has lost it's identity on spreaker comehome oldtimepreaching pentecostal religion wpc embeddedurl
jenwhitedop they say this like violence is antithetical to organized religion.
bedeveresir see this is funny to me because i just sae your profile you are hear asking if your religion or your viewpoints deserve respect? you as a person don't deserve respect if all you do is mock, slander and make fun of others religion. get off my page.
rt jihhyderabad: patience islam__religion_of__ethics patience as a virtue is allah’s gift for us. embeddedurl
james_ridell nataliehats pritipatel borisjohnson nigel_farage darrengrimes_ westyorkspolice the religion of lunatics again turning others into lunatics again this is repetitive insanity again isn't it
that was.. disgusting to say the least. 146 years and a dead monarchy later men still do what they do best irregardless of class race & religion! embeddedurl
opindia_com sed what religion does? this is why i say keep religion in your hearts & homes or abandon it
lilpeasantboi crochetsss i fully understand why you said church. but what i was saying is those who go to church are violating their own religion when they mutilate their sons. however many non-religious people in barbaric countries still advocate for it as well.
18.5% of hospitals are faith-based. that’s ok, unless you’re dying. embeddedurl healthcare religion embeddedurl
leothegreat19 sirdougunefheir pontifex religion begins with intimidation & emotional gaslighting. feeding off human suffering & invading their sense of reality with false threats & false promises. it’s a magnified version of known exploitative techniques. the threats & the promise of reward. none of which are true!
tunfaisal enemies? very kind of you to add in religion to the same tweet.
maiamism its there way of politics , they understood now that kh is a threat and so they will polarise people in this election on brahmin, non brahmin, caste, religion etc. ultimately they want power nothing else. they will do nothing for people.
immeeky1 gemsofbollywood yeah.... akshaykumar next movie / song show us creativity of mocking any other religion than hindu
for glen kamara for shane duffy for rhian brewster ... and for all those who suffer at the hands of racism and other discriminatory attacks whether that be on the grounds of skin colour, race, religion, ethnic origin, gender or sexual orientation. unitedtogether embeddedurl
do you really understand religion? do you understand the level of suffering it requires? do you understand that struggle is god's grace? do you understand that the poor christ spoke of were poor in spirit as well as financially? in religion, despair is holy...facts
cameronformvp sam_tamb antifabrat erxckkv "he may never call back again" yeah this kid clearly doesn't know shit about the religion he is spouting lmao this has to be a troll account
odinscreation pleasesueme trevorlawrencee yep. and there it is. the disgruntled experience with religion. you say you’ve done research and yet you haven’t named me a single expert you’ve based your knowledge off of.
pakjudiciaryneedsreforms democracy is based on liberal constitutionalism. it needs a well-established constitutional and legal system that recognises civil and political rights, equality of all citizens irrespective of their religion, caste, ethnicity or language and region. embeddedurl
channelstv islam is a religion of peace indeed. nonsense, peace in my foot.
we are so stupid that we always ignore important issues like women reservation bill, equality & crimes occurring every day and fight over religion. womenreservationbill
women, men, boys, girls, bi, trans, drag queens and etc! you’re all welcome to the carol corps! captainmarvel⁠ ⁠is a symbol that can inspire everyone! regardless race/gender/religion/orientation! be yourself, be inspired by a hero!! caroldanvers brielarson goosethecat embeddedurl
escapingatheism you obviously have no idea what atheism is do you? it’s simply a disbelief in a god claim. you obviously don’t realize you’re 99.9% atheist in that you you have a disbelief in the god claims of every religion except for the one you believe in. do you believe in zeus? why not?
my account is a safe place for anyone, no matter your race, religion, sexuality, disability culture, etc. i will always make an effort to make you feel safe. please dm me if you want to talk about anything. you matter!! embeddedurl
hevalnamak dage90 if a catholic is a fascist, they are defintely not following the religion they claim to be a part of. but yeah, the word of god gets manipulated by the state, and by people, and some churches, unfortunately.
this is the voice of thousands of diversity visa lottery winners from 2017, 2018,2019,2020 that have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust muslim ban (p.p. 9645) and their visas have been denied please support us. potus vp secblinken dvlottery embeddedurl
ut_thnkr20 funny how religion is morphed into reason for discrimination.
batley highlights the dangers of trying to teach religion if you know nothing about the fundamentals of that religion . if we can’t respect the religion, don’t teach it. islam batley
ritapanahi hughbie what we should be condemning is anything that separates us as a species and that includes organised religion, they are receptacles of hate and intolerance.
chinohillsla kimchi_animas anarchoposting hmyaoi1 they see it as a moral duty to 'save' people from religion, which is just repackaged conversion, like the missionaries did in colonized countries. it's the same moralistic principle
there is a teacher in the uk fearing for his life and has had go into hiding... for sharing fucking cartoons. it cannot be normalised to accept that one’s life is automatically at risk simply for criticising a religion... only 1 particular religion though. embeddedurl
solmaz712 potus vp ambrice46 nedprice secblinken presssec aclu this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) including iranians & yemenis who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates‌ niacouncil rashidatlaib debbialmontaser
skynews islam is the religion of peace!! these teachers have nothing to be scared of surely.. wonder why are they in hiding?
in a secular nation, the state is independent of religion. while all religions are exempt from state control. not hindu temples. ever asked why ? embeddedurl
rt adjotamakloe: missmorganic_ nerdy_ian religion is a manipulative tool.
atrupar there is no such thing is a god. religion is a mental illness supported and encouraged in society. it has no place in our laws, on our currency, on the walls of our establishment, or anywhere in government. "in god we trust" was added in 1956 as part of anti-ussr propaganda.
habituallyfemme dotatomos couragebipolar it is indeed like a religion. the similarities between the transgender movement and religion are strong. embeddedurl
senatordurbin potus vp siia_us after skin color, religion, latitude/longitude of birth now you want to start discrimination on the basis of occupation?
simonmaginn corbyn is not anti semitic, but, just as he has done with every other country committing human rights abuses/atrocities, he criticises the regime perpetrating said abuses. netanyahu’s regime is a political ideology that hides behind the majority religion to deter criticism
photoshop sherwani is issuing bengali authentication certification in kolkata. too rich from someone like her who sets nationalism benchmark on the basis of her fake religion
inbox me for biology case study essay due paper write english assignment chemistry history do my homework online class religion book review essaypay
raisedbywolves was the most compelling 'screen art' i've seen in some time but nothing beats alien gimmie that old time religion hrgiger giger biomechanics embeddedurl
rhariharan07 bjp4puducherry arjunrammeghwal blrnirmal blsanthosh rajeev_mp shrisaminathan anamassivayam bjp4india bjp4tamilnadu you r right ...un north so much polarization on basis of religion but in southern part they r belleving in secularism..give them time wgen hindu understand next time hindu will get and there in future polarization on basis of religion.
sundaymotivation our race is living being, humanity is our religion. hindu, muslim, sikh, christian, there is no separate religion. - saintrampaljim embeddedurl
el_senor_zorro zemi66 jamaicaobserver i don't stress. i don't sign up for organized religion nor stigmatizing sex workers
gardaí set up near church where priest saying mass in a breach ...embeddedurl › news › religion-and-beliefs 6 hours ago — garda checkpoints have been erected close to our lady of lourdes church in mullahoran, co cavan for sunday mass. fr pj hughes, the ...
your religion is supposedly about love but you feel some type of vindication telling people that they will suffer in worst way possible after they die? sounds like the same language the demons you pray against be using if ya ask me.
iyanna__boo namujk13 dafozziebear69 nike it’s weird and very uncomfortable to be on the but end of things, using religion sacrilegiously to stay relevant? or him expressing his emotions it’s all uncomfortable
rt chukwuma1325031: aloyejimakor biafra is our religion, biafra is our inheritance, biafra is unstoppable and biafra means freedom.
pastor saying to shoot democrats? that is some messed up "religion" christians are the haters! embeddedurl
short-term lie = long-term inconvenience aphorisms truisms maxims canada vancouver equation sociology psychiatry psychology religion politics babyboomers generationx millennials theview oneliner dailyquotes insightfultweets ianaphorisms
redacted1776 imjasondiamond if you only mean the last part, same. parents should be monitoring their kids in general if they are concerned about inappropriate content. unless lil nas x was explicitly targeting kids, i wouldn’t worry, & i think it was more of an artistic choice rather than a jab at religion
mick53164616 metrouk as horrific as all these crimes are, regardless of colour/ religion, let’s not cover up the fact that most grooming gangs are made up of white men, like urself. read the report. embeddedurl
shahinashraff guwahatiplus saketgokhale badruddinajmal ceo_assam "fight those who do not believe in allah or in the last day and who do not consider unlawful what allah and his messenger have made unlawful and who do not adopt the religion of truth from those who were given the scripture...." quran 9:29
prambanan temple is located in indonesia. it devoted to lord shiva. our sanatan dharma has no boundaries. only religion has boundaries. freetemplemovement freetemples embeddedurl
avfc_religion isnt it an away fixture?!!
miss_monkeyz politicalwilli ballouxfrancois it's the state sponsored religion there
mojidelanoblog iam_next2you wahala and religion na 5 & 6 for this country the havoc wrecked by pastors and imams already ehn.....
rocketsurgeon19 leonthedon2 johnny_mizzou_ dangerusswilson i said “i don’t know what i feel anymore.” ironically because the media tells us how we should feel any more and i tired of it!! you can bash religion all you want it’s a free country. but i don’t have religion i have faith two very different things.
sureshchavhanke i am indian first after hindu. i respect all castes and religions. when patient needs blood in hospital, doctor checks blood group only and does not see any caste and religion. embeddedurl
whywouldyou_uk joeinpoole dpjhodges you’re a bigot, probably a racist, definitely an idiot! islam is a religion not a race. being opposed to any ideology is not racist.
rt yahyanaseerr: "he is the ever-living, there is no deity except him, so call upon him [being] sincere to him in religion."[40:65]
buxbiarts u_26a1 kaidzsu the fucking religion
onlylanadelray terrence loves you, norman fucking rockwell, white dress, radio, and religion
rawmixednuts d_p_com these people aren't joining a religion for what the religion is for, self reflection, a moral code, help with grief, they're joining mostly bc these groups are now largely political.
govkristinoem "the united states is not, in any sense, founded upon the christian religion"- the treaty of tripoli. you have your religious freedom, we all have ours. want religious rule? move to saudi arabia or iran.
rawmixednuts d_p_com so i have been agreeing with you on organized religion and the politicians and vultures running them for their own gain. i'm glad your speaking against them i was simply trying to say every group has these selfish horrible murderous thugs. that's all
staying out the way is a religion
darb213 neglectedmonkey richarddawkins drdebrasoh a devotee to the new religion indeed
we seek to light a flame in both your heart and your loins cathedralofhentai hentai cathedral holy worship religion anime uwu horny loins burning
this is so powerful and moving. irrespective of nationality, culture, language, ethnicity, religion the working class the world over shade the same “moment”. strengthen those connections could be a way of out the disastrous state of affairs the world finds itself in at this time. embeddedurl
pratik2358 sonalika_kumar abhishbanerj i think you should ask for and propagate about uniformcivilcode. one country one law! as you say "ghanta" freebies in name of religion! ghanta conversions:zipper-mouth_face: idol worship, meditation and hanuman chalisa should be equally allowed in msjids:zipper-mouth_face: let rule of land take it's course!
// religion when you make your religion about loving yourself and doing your best instead of telling others how to live their lives things just get a lot better for you, imo
interesting - music as a kind of religion, music as ‘der will’ (schopenhauer), and jk as a good example for many persons. embeddedurl
noorainahmed1 overactinggggg _eat_the_rich__ and as a woman who is tired of men hiding behind religion to abuse women (even women belonging to their own religion), while the mutuals remain silent spectators or worse, cheer them on, my point was use this hypothesis to illustrate the hypocrisy. it’s brightly illustrated now.
thiruchelvem malaymail kempendidikan drasyrafwajdi did we say it must be malay? what we said it’s ok for anyone icl non-muslim to run the country but with islamism spirit. and we said only pm must be muslim not even malay. only pm. malay w/o islamism spirit is useless or even worse. which gov is religion blind?
the holy prophet (peace and blessings of allah be on him) encouraged his wives to seek knowledge and once stated that “half the religion of islam could be learned from hazrat ayesha (his wife).” internationalwomensday womeninislam embeddedurl
“nawal’s insistence that religion be criticised along with all forms of authority was so threatening to islamist militants that they put her on death lists.”
lety_lety22 aerykuda tjdaslimaz really ??? i would think on that hard if i was you because it doesn’t only include religion
scienceporn1 nope. i have never thought we were alone in the universe. have we been visited? now... that i doubt. however... i guess it depends on if "they" have had religion in the same way we have. religion, it seems, hates advancements in, well, everything
shellywebstere adispeaks_ indiatoday geeta_mohan bdutt ranaayyub khanumarfa asadowaisi for those who do, wearing the hijab is part of "practicing their religion". so, it's very much preventing people from practicing their religion. on the over hand, wait, what the issue with the hijab to start with ? where's the prejudice ?
religion embeddedurl
bubuhyuckie top 5 socio-economic theories on religion
liberal islam: the haunting fear that somehow, somewhere, other muslims may actually be practising their religion like they’re supposed to. embeddedurl
shima_f64 chriscoons repjudychu potus aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil chantaladasilva omarjadwat aayoub neal_katyal this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (dv2017 to dv2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. potus aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil chantaladasilva omarjadwat aayoub neal_katyal
a 23-year-old man in uttar pradesh's fatehpur has been arrested for raping a 17-year-old dalit girl and pressurizing her to change her religion. uttarpradesh embeddedurl
amajidkawu saharareporters mazinnamdikanu its ppl like u that have been brain washed with religion and tribalism that say such rubbish.....what has the northern govt done so far abt the boko haram menace....or are u so blind and deaf,not to see or hear the number of kidnap cases daily in the north
nic__carter but nntaleb told me it was a religion
and every religion is exactly the same in that every human is a sinner undeserving of salvation bullshit
jeremy_lamont it was in reference to all the media instances of the shooter going to church. i’m just tired of all the attempts to soften this crap by attaching bad people to religion. what does that even mean? if you go to church you are a good person? not necessarily so in my experience.
g_calderonlopez get along is based on religion plus governance model. turkey n brotherhood n co want a caliphate while saudi wants nation states which bow down to its hegemony
scotland court decision government ".. no power to order the closure of christ-ian churches, as: * it was unconstitutional ( it was an unjustified infringement of their right to manifest their religion under article 9 of the european convention on humanrights (echr)" embeddedurl embeddedurl
hyrulefieldfan rahamial natalie76642135 huge_jeremy ernestvancejr _mtlfenix thetweetofrhea transitional fossils and the fossil record are one tiny piece of the vast trove of evidence that supports evolution. unlike religion. you have yet to provide or even suggest one piece of evidence to support the existence of your made-up god.
nowplaying emancipation of the mind by bad religion listen here - embeddedurl
shuzzy10 1. family 2. friendship 3. gaming (at this point) 4. education 5. religion school is literally the most boring thing in the world not to mention half of the shit u learn isnt necessary in the real world
the biden administration is again showing its superiority over that of trump. qualified individuals can finally thrive, regardless of their race, color, national origin, religion, or sex. embeddedurl
i just wanna say religion is blasphemy ghosts don’t mind if you call them aliens and rap music will get you farther than rock music but not material rap that shit is so douchy but i get why black kids in the projects need a glimmer of hope so even i can’t say that it’s bad
patricktheb simples18790446 robertbrowniej8 davestewart4444 secularsandwich skthii1 cern_lxxl rossgilroy smug2bme hp19763 velveteven thecatheist imkimaaron zypisfy chortling_man bearschoice2020 pray2pesci discojerrys boler_stephen johnkrahn2 brianslimdog77 oohglobbits5 wolfpak561 jea_jordan splintersimba davidveillon5 jools6691 globalist13903 andrewrchapman phoenix42505497 markthorsby1 alan244g technogauntlet jd_and_coke_1 tris_stock orna_verum cleisthenes5 bobfish1973 zapher134 randolf828 th1rt3en_tm praisehisname50 narratingfools billreagan16 godflythe judger9000 horusrage pdxsecularguy verniejim physicisttx so, when religion describes a god that is logical impossible to exist, then that god doesnt exist, you would agree with that, yes?
abuharris_1999 sleem_anonymous aishayesufu and btw christians can’t request such in muslim schools owned by the government,no christian religion studies ,no place to worship ,girls must wear hijab regardless your religion
k_barbiexx at the end of the day its about respect, which more and more people lack. im not religious, but as long as you dont use religion to harm or dehuminize anyone, then i dont care.
peoplemvmt besf0rt who cares what color/race/gender/religion/sexuality the candidate is??? so long as the candidate is an american and has the best character, ideas, integrity, passion and good will for the job. pretend you’re visually blind and simply vote for the best person for the position.
soulfulbharti anusehgal if iove is the reason for marriage.... we shouldn't see a person's religion before marriage.... if he/ she truly loves us
soca is my religion
betsey_burgin yesitisironic mcslog mominsweats ronfilipkowski you don't get to use your secular rights to infringe on private businesses and freedom of religion and to cancel the 1st amendment. atheism in many ways fits the definition of a religion anymore.
vigilaunty2 sambyal_rajit super_stargirl3 raaghumysore rajeshbilung03 sanatan agar perfect hota thier will be no need for other religion i want to know whats the solution? kill all muslim or unko desh nikala diya jaye? n uske baad india evil free hoga? yaa sari zindagi hindu- muslim krke guzarni hai? ye answer bta do? indiafights4farmerrights
ahmad shahi raped a dog because he was a muslim!! people telling this hear out whats written in the books -a pious women was destined hell coz she killed a dog without food!! -a sinner was destined heaven coz she gave water to a thirsty dog !! its not religion!!stop! sorrysheru
benpenrod_ bruh. commend the action. ac/dc is my religion. how is this a bad take?! it’s rock n’roll poetry!
davros_wotan_42 radiantbutch sofftestpunk the catholics piss me off so much, it was absolutely infuriating having to sit in religion class for 12 years and put up with their bigoted bullshit. can’t say anything in retort, not even as a bisexual woman being hurt by their rhetoric. got detention regularly for it lol.
spirit message soul spiritual spiritualism silverbirch healer medium psychic clergyman pastor god jesus bible christianity christ religion jesuschrist church churchanity embeddedurl embeddedurl embeddedurl
davidmweissman tedlieu repswalwell dickdurbin senduckworth votevets adamkinzinger aoc ilhanmn the real thing is who was like; we need to preserve the rights of the people! starting with, 1) freedom of press, speech, religion. 2) guns. that’s honestly the real issue...
can’t wait for president trump’s social media. coming on twitter makes me feel like a gluten for punishment reading all the lefts depraved posts even after they stole the election. they continue to try to destroy our culture, traditions, history and religion. god bless our souls.
cheesefrylover if you're not that's good but a lot of people still are. panera recently fired someone for being a minority religion.
spaceunoccupied daneeyulx blakeissnagging lilnasx no? if i was gay and someone follows a religion that says who i am is forbidden i have no obligation to respect that religion. i dunno who lied to you but you don't get respect coupons for believing shit just because it is a belief.
most imp aspect of doctor is 2 teach, but also to learn. a student for life. if ur mind is settled in that phenomenon, then u hav nothing to lose but ur patients have everything to gain. keep everything that harms the learning of science at bay. including politics and religion.
the conclusions of modern materialistic science can be acceptable, harmoniously with their religion, only to the vedantins or hindus as they are called. swamivivekananda embeddedurl
rt makolians: christians do this do every other religion tho lmao
p_k_wills true, cos what one day someone also comes up with an excuse to go against the school rules in the name of his religion ? me muom di3 if the school say make he cut he for cut am or find where he will be accepted
elespectador la prensa prepago se contradice, el hambre mi hermano !!! "article 2 mayors shall not discriminate against individuals or groups because of their politics, race, religion, gender, disability or sexual orientation." embeddedurl world_mayor
visit scientology churches all around the world and discover what makes each one unique. stream “destination: scientology” on demand at embeddedurl also available on roku, fire tv, apple tv and our mobile apps! religion behindthescenes
i really want to know why no media house is paying any attention towards this issue, why media's attention is so religion specific, in fact, at times they really seem to be against hindu religion. freetntemples govt_freehindutemples
rt imaa_chann: girls who think hiding their hair only, and not their bodies, is hijab, sorry sis you've been studying the wrong religion.
drjavadthashmi 6) i hope the difference in the kinds of offense is evident in the above 3 statements. to recognise this difference is absolutely essential to be able to have any rational debate on free speech vs religion. only then can we begin to assign the repercussions on the speaker
the religion of the brahmins — call it what you want — is a mind virus. endemic to india. that's why the greatest modern achievement in the indian subcontinent is the creation of pakistan, which has eradicated this mind virus from the indus civilisation (sindh, punjab, etc.).
religion is fuckin insane-for the membrane!!!! embeddedurl
mrdanwalker drnighatarif what a strong powerful lady. truly inspiring. you are always informative,you manage to be positive. i for one believe race, religion and beliefs should be respected. the trolls need to be called out. they really are a minority. continue to be you. the smile makes me smile
because i don’t believe in a dirty nor do i respect one. i also in my personal non social opinion think that anyone that does believe in one has no common sense. i do however understand how religion can be used as a form of community which is important (thread) embeddedurl
pallavitura gemsofbollywood sewanyaya hw many left ngos, media (msm including) condemned d brutal murder of mahesh kolli or any hindu victim of d communal prblm in india? whn u google him only opindia, toi, dh nd few tweets show up. this outraging after knwing religion trend wsnt started by us, dnt expect us to 1/2 embeddedurl embeddedurl
emzanotti ellie_bufkin at the very minimum, it should be optional. kids have trouble understanding why they are forced to do things. if the child (and only the child) says no, it should not be mandated. religion is about being yourself.
change the way we think!being human is the biggest religion,the highest sacrifice! embeddedurl
simpthia virgoth0t popcrave cuz those religious beliefs disrespect us simply for existing. fuck ur religion.
heii0k1ttyi0ver shane dawson conspiracy theories pls they used to be my religion
mistaanonymous1 disastrousdelu1 keemstar dude, you are judging people religion as well calling em crazy for there person belief also insulting them. it very sad also, you thoughts are just an opinion as well not facts.
correction: remove human rights from people bc it doesn't follow the traditions of a religion* embeddedurl
the other big “right wing” take i have is that islam is an often reactionary, conservative religion that causes immeasurable suffering, and it deserves to criticized and fought as ruthlessly as christianity. but again, not a right wing take unless you have a literal baby brain.
jerryqsmithh these christians don’t even know their own religion meditation = prayer but :woman_shrugging_medium-dark_skin_tone:
religion can’t tell you your powerful . it tells us to obey your earthly master. i lord and master of a divine mindset. kneel down to no ground. we or the magic of this planet and the universe you plant the seeds of knowledge and give it power you shall receive it . embeddedurl
why dont "religious people" study religion??? i never got that. i mean i did bc i wanted to know more but it's just wild to me that most ppl who are religious are also ignorant of their own religion.
if you're offended by someone taking the piss out of your religion (whatever that religion is), then that's your problem. its nobody elses. perhaps consider not being so precious.
because it's a religion. people found meaning and a shared sense of moral purpose (and a nice group of heretics to shame too). so they don't want that to end. you don't get away from religion, you only keep inventing new idols. embeddedurl
does philosophy make religion credible? ft. dr. michael torre embeddedurl
"i don't think it's possible to have a moral authority within religion because i think the two things are so sharply divorced." - christopher hitchens
womanistsaar womanist approaches to religion and the mostvulnerablem films arts series l h sustainability and religion professional
hegdepooja happy women day,u r philanthropist,raising voice to rescue suffering.iam founder sun religion charitable trust as serve to mankind is serve to god if u kindly donate god bless u it helpful to poor,state bank of india,a/c:39189682080,ifsc:sbin0006242,mobile:9791605346
leekanaka cassywearsheels “his religion is muslim” lol. muslim isn’t a religion. i think you’re talking about islam which is the religion in which most muslims practice.
the enactment of the citizenship amendment act in india and the use of religion as a criteria for citizenship was the most blatant example of the bjp's communal strategy. read ‘politicising assam and bengal: indian elections & communalism’ embeddedurl humanrights
pakistanresolutionday our beloved quaid, muhammad ali jinnah, said: “in this country all are equal, no one is better to other on the basis of caste color or religion. weareispian
the most common cause of atheism is the experienced and observed hypocrisy of organized religion. people just can’t take it kayleighmcenany jennaellisesq arimelber beschlossdc jillwinebanks chriscuomo
all women are beautiful and worthy. irregardless of race, body size, body shape, height, religion or sexual orientation. happy international women's day my loves internationalwomensday iwd2021
benjimaan22 i like this. philosopher ken wilbur always discussed this regarding religion - put it all on the table... keep what connects, toss what does not.
how could it be that hard to see every race ever religion every gender as a human too asian ain't no different that it gives you rights to hate on them hurt them attack them potray them as jokes stopasianhate asiansarehumantoo iam an asian too iam disgusted and scared
lowceeblow ooh, are we sharing religion memes? embeddedurl
swampwi68671152 of all major religions that teach of the one god, the core of the teaching is the same. only the dogma and the rituals are different. some are more controlling using guilt and fear. truth is god is within and requires no religion between you and whatever god means to you.
the final webinar in our celebrating social justice research in education series- ethics,religion and values in education is taking place on wednesday 17th march from 12-1.30pm. to register for your free place please visit embeddedurl uofgsocsci embeddedurl
i'm a liberal person but i ll always look down upon what's prohibited in my religion if it makes me less cool in your eyes. embeddedurl
ewoodhouse7 govpritzker masks are worshipped as the golden calf in the religion of covidpsychosis
leckston toubedavid sapgasm it’s not about a culture war it’s about religion being allowed to stop freedom of thought and debate . in fact religion all religions should be kept out of schools
senatorlankford oh shut up. religion is protected by the first amendment!
quintforgey senmikelee and they wonder why religion is dying
samishah batemanheels jorgtopp see how religion & cath inst control judiciary in my book. all ev went before two rcomms given by me & validated. reviews on google. embeddedurl
mearth86 archer0finfamy you should because its important. it's important how this mob are dealt with differently, it's important that this mob do not force their religion/values upon the rest of society & it's important that discussion now happens around what is actually happening in our schools
are we ready to accept yet that male circumcision is genital mutilation in the name of religion, custom and aesthetic, or nah?
fbedaso ethiopiaprevails this what junta wants even with religon!!! dont act like kid zis is serious!!! if u start now with religion u will z hell!!!! like i said z way to hell is atractiv & smooth!!! u people better start to think!!! u guys better learn about ethiopia history!!!
dreadfulprof ellenleephd through to common sites of praxis (base, governmentality, religion, concrete textuality (surface reading)) etc.) usually gets them where i want them to go. in terms of primer i have some that i've liked, but they often require a certain amount of curation in terms of what i like
wbln3 boxyuk btsportufc teamkhabib garylineker rioferdy5 so you can do or say anything if its your religion or culture? don't think so. i'm not going to take backwards sexism from anyone. you don't understand what xenophobe means.
prayer shouldn't be allowed in public schools that are federally funded. that is seen as the government sponsoring religion, which goes against the separation of church and state. religion should be kept out of all federal matters full stop. as should emotion, sentiment, and
justinwelby good to condemn his prejudice. the problem is that social conservatism has for too long been propped up by religion or religion bent and twisted to suit the prejudiced. need more progressive and socially liberal voices for a living church not a moribund one.
it's funny how secularism can't figure out how to deliver the benefits of religion but has no problem coming up with the bad things. embeddedurl
hockey_walrus kingfoxylove prageru but many people derive their moral code from religion, because it's a ready made format.
wtf the history of religion is actually kinda interesting, its about astrology and zodiac signs tf
rt caulmick: leovaradkar wynnetd rtenewsatone why even mention people's religion. why do you always have to be so divisive ?
loyaldefender2k talkradio religion is the sickness
young_particle i see what you're saying, but the whole religion is so stupid it's hard for me to respect being *consistently* stupid
cekulars parched_humour zainabsikander a muslim saying to a kafir that " i don't criticise your religion". le talibani = am i joke to you. embeddedurl
hahahah we are bringing up gender in my religion class please save me please
lvlyeti nathan_reyer i_am_wildcat lilnasx they’re not hated all that much. at the end of the day christianity will still be western civilisations biggest religion. it’s mainly pedophile priests (not all priests are pedophiles i know) and the anti gay marriage movement that’s given christianity a bad name right now
the philosophy of tea is not mere aestheticism -for it expresses conjointly with ethics and religion our whole point of view about man and nature. it is hygiene, for it enforces cleanliness; it is moral geometry, inasmuch as it defines our sense of proportion to the universe. embeddedurl
scst_are_not_hindu we have our own traditions, beliefs, customs , the way of life , etc. these are our identity. others like rss has no right to raise questions about aadiwasi religion embeddedurl
itsallrisky almost a religion
lavafpsv2 shapfn1 yourfellowarab do you even know what you're saying? you are acting like arab is a religion, and 2 even if it was i was referring to the many times he's made fun of his own religion.
jesusislife1984 unless it's a different religion.
as a citizen of a certain country, must you believe in the constitution? or you can pay no mind and still be a citizen? just asking as from my previous question i was educated that when one has no religion they could swear on the constitution... so am here wondering . school me
hindu bali are actually tirtha religion, not hindu. embeddedurl
marjaneya out tomorrow “my imaginary friend is better than yours!” ~ religion.
the things am hearing on radio this morning makes me think africa has a long way to move forward.......keeping locks make the ghanaian wanna look at u in their eyes of morality and religion!! keeping your hair is a problem
some disgusting account's 24/7 task is to spread hate, observed deeply and found, they do not belong to any religion. every religion taught us to be human first, stay united and humble. so how could those people can belong to any religion? farmersprotest justiceforranjitsingh
rt positivelad: happy to bless rapists and murderers though, eh? organised religion is just a pyramid scheme death cult. don’t me.
we cannot go backwards, we have adopted the number 666 into the family of god. what god has joined together, religion cannot tear apart. we can only have one 666, because we only have one god. therefore: 777 + 666 = march 13, 2021. blessed by yhwh: 666/125 = the rock. adar 29 ~
this is the third episode of my podcast polite company. i talk about religion has been swallowed up by politics in this hyper-partisan time. listen to this snippet and then go to hear the whole episode: embeddedurl (video made with headlinervideo) embeddedurl
niacouncil we greencard lottery iranianwinners(2017-2020) were selected and invited by u.s gov, but all refused just because of our nationality&religion it's unfair&against human right do justice please help & support i_want_my_miracle_back muslimban potus vp secblinken presssec aclu embeddedurl
trainrecksunite they are my religion :folded_hands_medium-light_skin_tone:
deeperfectgem in case anyone needed yet another reason to avoid organized religion. bunch of judgmental hypocrites.
farhanzainudin1 yoepcd 100% of course we will. unlike pas, dap never uses religion as shield.
this man is dividing india on basis of religion and cast. he abuses muslims and everyone else who isn’t hindu (according to these kind of people are called “communal virus” by my cm uddhav thakarey. embeddedurl
raping kids is allowed in their twisted view of their religion. drawing cartoons and educating kids is not embeddedurl
bdutt themojostory there is a fat line between comedy and insult. making fun of a religion is not comedy but incitation. but alas!! poor faruqui is blind and deaf, he cannot see,hear, feel this.
kevinmkruse this is not going to work. his religion is not everyone’s religion
2tweetaboutit mailonline borisjohnson pritipatel 30% is more than enough for the religion of peace to dominate.
nasuwt i’m concerned about a teacher in this country who has been forced into hiding for fear of his life. why? because he ‘offended’ a sector of a religion whilst teaching the nc; that his head apologised without holding an enquiry; the teaching unions have said nothing to support him
does this so called pastor realize melanie posed nude for pics and was a soft porn star overseas? this pastor looks like chunky cheddar and god does not like evil like him hiding behind religion embeddedurl
amandeepbhogal i love anyone if they love this country, whatever colour or religion, if they want to be british, i want them to be british.
senatorlankford keep religion out of politics. religion is the real evil here.
stoneofstones scottwalker the first people to condemn others are the evangelicals; completely intolerant of anyone different from themselves. i have always felt religion should offer hope, uplift people, and be a positive force. all inclusive, instead they're consumed by fear and hatred.
laxman44868875 suchitr21606821 the diversion of the wealth of hindu temples by the states in the first place, and their use to fund non-hindu purposes, is a flagrant travesty of the principle of separation of religion and state. freehindutemples
askanshul naveen_odisha sir i wonder how in the living hell the state is allowed to sell property that rightly belongs to a religion? state have no right to misuse/exploit temples/religious places belonging to any faith. even constitution gives it no authority
wish these auratmarch ladies read a bit of religion to understand the women rights rather than dancing on the roads and making themselves look like a joke. merajismmerimarzi
revelationhome imboniuzwilezwe is to always acknowledge your guider and ancestors wherever you identify yourself fully, and also respect everybody irrespective of age, religion or race and to represent your family and spiritual home with dignity every i go zulu
naw wait she she seems sweet ( tw // religion ... just in case) embeddedurl
ijasoberoi anyone irrespective of their religion celebrating, partying and social gathering is not only breaking law but also causing harm by spreading this virus hence, i will condemn it.
the irony of the christian right complaining about "cancel culture" when their entire religion has been very aggressively cancelling cultures around the world for almost two thousand years now.
foxnews who out in spectator land that are interested, do not know what we are told is happening on the sth border. biden, 1 world govt,papal1 world anti christ religion, billionaires,media all happy so why the whinging about it? potus trump turned his back on yhwh,through sin of solomon
viewsbyzach religion is purple always
quran allah wordsofwisdom truewords islam religion truereligion quranrecitation embeddedurl
potus as it should be the world needs to work together now. we all need to promote kindness and love in our world. no matter what religion you are, as god commands
masterkongqiu1 m_jensen23 laurarbnsn it's not an attack but it's a way to not allow women to speak freely. if i was in class giving a lecture about basic free speech freedoms and a student chimed in and wanted to spend the class time talking about freedom of religion, it's still 1st amendment but that's not 4 today.
evepillowtalk undisposablenos k_barbiexx the native people of the americas were literally forced into christianity. my people were killed, tortured, raped into this religion. burning sacred temples and statues of our gods; wiped majority of our people with their diseases for this god who is so “loving”yet allows this?
it was a tuesday. i know it was a tuesday because we went to mass on tuesday mornings and religion was the second block of the day... and i remember sitting in mass wishing i was reading instead
i don’t understand people feeling insulted because someone has an opinion on the religion you follow. how flimsy is your faith? as long as it is not an attack on the individual or group because of their faith. blasphemy laws are bs.
aussiastronomer the ymca near where i lived had a summer camp i went to, and also had a spring break program. so that's what i did. (despite the ymca acronym, no religion was involved.)
happy passover & palm sunday! i hope you’re smiling! i’m smiling as i look ahead to holy week. i’m looking forward to it because it feels like an opportunity to reset. regardless of your religion, this is a moment for everyone to reflect & renew. sundayeveningreminder embeddedurl
if i where to have a religion or belief system of any kind ... it would have one rule, one vow. 'be true to u' that's it.
:globe_showing_asia-australia::globe_showing_europe-africa: saying former north star. gemini omega draco lóng definition lungs idiots spying thinking they know religion while saying if a person is god.
saintsoftheway no im fine with my current religion thanks. i dont really want to go back to a religion that made me suicidal
obiliciouss mwokozi_ funshographix it's an organised religion with clergy etc...
berojgaryuvas indiaawakened_ faiz_inc aaadubey1 drdalsingar1 msirsiwal lucknowmsk mskhac ashishk53542554 amit_vileger chandyanil bihar government has been lifeless since last 10 years due to ■unwillingness of nitish sarkar to serve ■weak opposition esp. inc ■fear from lalu's rule ■biased mandate of people vis-a-vis religion, money,etc. nitishkumar incindia jduonline incbihar
the seven last words of jesus religious easter god jesus religious quotes faith religion cross religious quote christ religion quotes jesus christ jesus quotes embeddedurl via pinterest
rt hnterziggy: stop pushing your religion on others.
rt mtmama3skullz: kristinoem lilnasx freedom of religion
rt parashotz: a religion so peaceful they'll kill you for leaving. he's right, muhammad's rules.
betourway athe1stp0wer daveatherton20 i find it offensive to go into the charlie hebdo office and shoot several people dead for publishing a cartoon because you think religion is more important than life...
religion was invented to control populations. government took over that roll. religion is no longer relevant. tax the fuckers embeddedurl
lecommander2 ilwadelman hassanakhaire joinclubhouse thebridge_ch true, she chose money over her motherland, history, religion and culture
naukarshah bang on ! the principle in survey engineering is working from whole to part, this applies to laws, religion and all other aspects, the law is not specific to a case, it's for a whole society, having said this, we can't cut the individual to fit the coat
thenanaaba religion by it's very nature is divisive and competitive and rooted in intolerance and arrogance . the evidence is apparent by the major division, denomination, sub-division and sect and factions within each religion.
jessie0296 iinfinitynews irishgirl34 cnnbrk they don’t think about those things. they apply religion first in error. it’s still a relatively new position. religious conservatives didn’t exist before the 1980’s and nobody checked them on their ignorance. and now it’s a policy lenses that shouldn’t exist.
baraaawesome sahibkhandpur sandylanceley gordonhotson telegraph when did i "offend" your religion ?
kippaxboys1981 skynewsbreak how's things in the world of religion?
rt norbert_njoke: the only true religion nowadays is to have a kind heart and avoid harm to others.
jerkspiss hi thank you for speaking this! i appreciate it as a muslim and gay. but i can't pick any side but it is still sad that people making joke about my religion and justify it.
naif63062887 xthfcluca you don’t need to educate me about my own religion
horsedaddy_og championanabel sadppldancing i asked if u actually planned on believing in god again so it wouldn’t seem like i was forcing my religion on u. i hate coming off like that. so it seemed like u weren’t so i just stopped and i’m gonna pray for u before i go to bed no matter what u said to me
porn is his religion and i’m right there with him! :flexed_biceps_medium-dark_skin_tone: embeddedurl
dailycaller vogue minimizes women, focusing only on sex for pleasure, not true relationships, no religion, expensive clothes and makeup. they should be out of business.
dadwolfie pastorlocke faith in our saviour is not a religion. and certainly doesn't need your approval.
raymond j. de souza: b.c.'s dr. bonnie henry takes her big stick to religion. embeddedurl
atrupar freedom of religion. and choice. you don’t have to work, vote, shop, etc on sundays. but someone else may. for many it’s fridays btw. wondering: are stores, restaurants open on sundays in mississippi? also, the senator’s jacket looks like it breaks with leviticus 19:19...
rt tan123: zubymusic yes: climate change is the religion of people who think they're too smart for religion.
ex-christians who replaced the religion of jesus with the religion of social justice/socialism have murder more people than all christians across all of history. eg stalin was a believer who trained in the bible for years in a seminary & then killed in the name of social justice.
cindyhydesmith, try again. the sabbath is saturday. just because you belong to a religion that co-opted another’s scripture doesn’t mean only your day counts. embeddedurl
not even that lil nas has history of disrespecting people religions and the people in it and amazes me how people are still defending him. why is this man still a thing? disrespecting someone’s religion is never ok.
tuliptiw ohvely_7 anyway, this wasn't the only person who cried because of lisa. i hurt many people through her rude actions, and among them was me who made me cry for several days after offending the prophet moses without any apology for us as muslims because he is a holy person in our religion.
rt tinypwrmouse: organized religion is a dangerous cult and i will die on that hill
tiredof08854843 beachpretzel2 yes he is. let us hope 6 years is long enough to give him a new religion.
.khsawsan0706 phd research focuses on the effects of modernization on the values and role of faith in the lives of druze and muslim students in . it is part of a global research project known as the young adults and religion in a global perspective (yarg) headed by pnynas embeddedurl
zaysgrampa princesthor spencerjcox it's not even a progression issue. ut is run by the mormon religion. they aren't addressing the fact that its lack of education about mental health that's the very reason people are addicted to porn. they don't care if lds men cheat on their wives they can still bless the sick
hannigramlecter nanami praising yuuji is my religion
natashaburnett wcth_tv schearthome hallmarkchannel vivleacock love the new family and love how religion is slipped right in oh yeah
what big idiot & thief itsdjant & his fraudulent trendcityradio trendcityshow trendcitytop40 didn’t understand is by being racist to an artist like me because of my ethnicity & religion & also robbing thousands. i will obviously use my fame & let the world know about it. embeddedurl
aunt_teefa there truly is a rise in faith decolonizers. it’s funny how people who complain about religion...spend all their time...talking about their distaste for religion. lol
everyday pasmandas are killed by different reasons. why are they killed? sometimes lynching, sometimes fake encounters, sometimes in the name of fake cases, sometimes in the name of religion, sometimes in the name of terrorism, sometimes in the name of theft,
thejoshmeister good luck to everyone on shivaratri from me and dsrc dang. and if you help a poor person with a disability, there is no greater religion than this. interested contact +977 9844902938 + 9779857824373
massa quit these religion talk ah timewithtopedo
nbcnews race, religion, gender, masculinity, power & control - ingredients of americansupremacy nooneunscripted embeddedurl
lordrahl90 ayemojubar without another person hindering it... it doesn’t matter to me what happens in kano... it’s nonsense claiming a government school is missionary so hijab should not be worn nor hijab should be mandated... stop being myopic. there is freedom of religion.
chris wallace says fox colleague larry kudlow 'seems to have found religion' on deficit now he's out of trump white house embeddedurl
uqpharri johnmilbank3 interesting title. where does the greek word for religion - θρησκεία (threskeia) - come from? does it have the same meaning as the word religion which comes from the latin word ligare (to join, or link) ?
hey hangem cindy, senhydesmith, you would be surprised to learn that there are thousands of us that don’t go to church and don’t follow any of those practices! do you not realize how many of us work on sunday’s? stop putting your religion before the people!! embeddedurl
l_stone covid doesn’t care whether the gathering is for religion, funerals or weddings. it only cares about leaping to infect the next unvaccinated person it comes across.
indepdubnrth i am an atheist but i will be at mass in cavan next sunday. the right to practise religion is a fundamental freedom that no government has the power to take away. if we all support the freedoms of others, this prison would be over tomorrow.
matthewjdowd nicolledwallace after 9/11 went to church w/my then wife, a southern baptist. they stood there & literally claimed that catholicism was a false religion because its bible had more chapters than the baptist bible. i stood up and stated the bible with less info is more apt to be false, n left.
k_barbiexx why would any of us respect your religion when your religion doesn’t respect any of us? old abortion clinic bombing asses. harassing folks for being queer. no thanks!
cryptowhale we are actually taught it’s rude to discuss money, politics or religion.
"it's important to me that youth everywhere, no matter their race, religion, or gender, know that anything is possible with perseverance." – ibtihajmuhammad, author of "the proudest blue" and the first muslim american woman to win an olympic medal! womenshistorymonth
two key words schools and doctrines (eg good propaganda which is schools and religion which is doctrine to understand all this let us use the most common and oldest method which is doctrine
magicaloverload a tie between racism and religion
zazadeh0111 secblinken pontifex adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil chantaladasilva omarjadwat usabehfarsi this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil rashidatlaib neal_katyal briandeesenec ambrice46 whcommsdir embeddedurl
drericding how the fuck does thos compare to the burning of knowledge and philosophy and ethics and religion
not to support this so called“pastor”but let’s not pretend as if this embarrassment happens with only christian pastors the women that sometimes surround ladies wearing revealing cloths in the market and beat them up are mostly muslims. different religion,same what’s app group embeddedurl
andrewsibley15 iichroma staceyw55695768 rob_kimbell durhamwasp slaves. he made religious decrees concerning slavery. for example he made sleeping with slaves fine if you were married etc. so that's him actively entwining slavery and sexual slavery into his religion. he's oking it and setting up religious rules governing it.
svpino thanks to this belief, i managed to reach my goals in 10 years. i left my religion too which game me total freedom. i'm a single married to my job. easier to network with people likewise globally.
jihadwatchrs yeah, it has nothing to do with religion. it was all about his mental health. a disturbed sick man. like all religious people.
ratneshpande1 i am least interested in people for whom religion is first, everything else comes next. you seem to be a sick person, get vaccinated
denspurway calvinrobinson mrandyngo they don’t, though. remind me again whether it’s the left who vilify a certain religion, or are proud nationalists, or complain about inclusivity, or paperclip charities onto hate groups. or harass migrants. or use emotional blackmail on its populous. oh right. it isn’t.
religion is a problem, and so many of yall are unwilling to have that conversation. embeddedurl
ghana meanwhile i was in highschool with several mixed and white kids who got to keep their hair. i was even in class with a ghanaian girl who didn't cut her hair because of religion. but wait o, being rastafarian is also a religious denomination anaa mab)dam? embeddedurl
lilginapamish justfreshkicks no religion is right or wrong, nobody knows the truth.
mandifr33 sabrinazass slangmzitho iamcardib polygamy and the lds religion are separated (aside from some flds members). i get that’s the target cardi is attempting to hate on, but remember they are different
truth_costs hodgehegs2 julesbilly michael_kubik movie_mad_uk sadiqkhan this is why i don't think you know what your talking about. if you do something to someone because of their race, sex, religion it's hate crime this is diff from saying something like "je*s control the media" this is considered a hate crime calling catholic preists peados isnt
strange religion this islam, the gob shites who follow it get upset about a cartoon, but preaching all jews are the worst piece of shit ever and deserve to be killed is fine!!!
we all should know that every religion has good and bad people:woman_shrugging_medium-light_skin_tone: and we should punish the bad ones not the innocents.
golfsobad username4what becksheri petz1977 me? why would i try any religion if i don't believe in god?
marcashew i get he’s tryna prove a point i just don’t agree w how he’s going about it and yes some christians do twist the bible and christianity to push their own agenda which is wrong but i don’t think it’s fair to generalize religion or religious people like that
ca_usmanashraf icc mdsirajofficial our country has given some of the finest players from minority religion....... not only in games, but in all fields...... azim premji the biggest philantrophist of asia
interview: erra_band guitarist and vocalist jesse cash shares how the band tackle everything from personal morals to religion on their upcoming album, and how he used the lp to navigate his existence embeddedurl
the god who is infinitely more beautiful than all the gods of human religion offers an infinitely more beautiful salvation. here is a god who can win back wandering hearts by the mere opening of eyes to who he is. —mike_reeves embeddedurl
crazy that i might live long enough to see the complete fall of religion as a whole jk religions will always exist and honestly i think christianity is the most harmful one
williammarsward i'm non-religious, but was brought up that way. which is why i could immediately sense the similarities between actual religion and wokeness. i think it's great people like james lindsay were actually able to study and analyze that. with the science.
i just wanna let jaredpolis know that i’m going to eat meat whenever i want. you don’t get to decide what i eat and when. leftism/socialism may be a religion to you, but it’s not for me.
یوم_تجدید_عہد 23rd march 1940" is historical date for whole pakistani nation. its a day when muslims of india finally stood for their rights and demanded a separate land for them in order to protect themselves and their religion embeddedurl
aclu this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017to2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban dv2017 dv2018 dv2019 dv2020 africanban please support us aclu nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil rashidatlaib neal_katyal embeddedurl
does divina get you cum dumb? you know denial won’t save you from falling. stop cowering away from the depths of hell. you belong here. here with me in the flames, hot and horny, edged into oblivion. that is your home. embrace your religion. 𝙒𝙤𝙧𝙨𝙝𝙞𝙥 𝙩𝙝𝙚 𝙛𝙡𝙚𝙨𝙝. embeddedurl
rastamiller yeah i agree. i still agree with sunday trading laws though because it gives retail workers with families time they know they'll not be at work. it might be based in religion but it's still relevant in modern society where we are quick to turn a person's labour into a commodity.
swati_gs altnews free_thinker indeditorsguild classic case of chor ke dadhi men tinka + chori uper se sina chori in your article you have just mentioned minor, he tried to link it to hindus with names and hiding their religion
jermeh8 hodlprairie lemminjoose ericdjuly 2021. crypto becomes religion. outfuckingstanding.
protests and clashes in many parts of bangladesh over pm narendra modi’s visit to the country. several injured in hatehajari in chittagong and brahmanberia. those protesting were mostly madrassa students, and activists of religion-centric parties. photos by prothom alo embeddedurl
qaisakhtar bhakt_hdl _sayema lol maafinama is better than converting to the religion out of fear of those who murdered or raped ur women! feel pity for ur ancestors, not savarkar
sorryasif religion is the end to humanity sorry to all those people who are suffering with either its rape aur being assulted
jennifermw d_e_a_r_l veggi4ever fordjohnathan5 and bullshit people. it's important for anyone who attends to see it for exactly that. be cautious. aa is full of perpetrators, just like shyster bill w. who founded "the program." aa definitions of "sobriety" should be limited to aa and those who follow that religion.
averagemuslimj munibahiqbal azthebaz a deeply bigoted caricature was used. for me its the same as using antisemitic material to make a free speech argument. feel sorry for the kids in the class, what kind of message does it send that its ok to mock the religion of muslim children
vigdis_herja escapingatheism because we start with an empty consciousness as the nature of consciousness. everybody starts with that. atheist or existentialist don't use god, religion or other things to help deal with the absurdity of life.
might just get the mod that gets rid of the absolute ballache that is the holy sites requirement. sometimes you don't want to be a big blobby empire and you just want to start your own gay viking religion in north africa
when they ask why the republican party failed, i'll say because it was a party for rich white people that used religion to con americans while really working for the big corporations and that it had to fail to save america.
thought-provoking interview on religion and society on the dave glover show wednesday on audacy. music, news, sports and podcasts. it’s all here. embeddedurl
luvzmez3 k_barbiexx chiidumebii all she said was that you can do whatever you want without disrespecting other people’s believes n religion
morenashai tiktiksociety thedapperbro no am good bro also religion is a scan thanks tho
rt davidafc_: rrrinny1 toshdasilva religion is irrational and the world would be better without it.
omgheyrose i'm in love with what rosé has created. it's a monster and also my new religion.
7fokwleqtosqcax alihzaidipti islam k naam pr siyasat should be banned. by supporting other parties our rasool do not becomes less beloved. he is and will always be beloved. but please for god sake religion ka sahara le ker awaam ko bewakoof bana bnd kro.
ibnal3arby thewatcher3998 she seems to have better morality than you. there are good theists and bad theists. there are good atheists and bad. religion doesn't make you a good person. religion doesn't make you a bad person to me religion gives bad people and excuse to be bad.
awadhamedmoham2 yes_we_cat artspeakcentral robinsonmsr10 khanfar5 lollllllajr malkaavram liesxposed wildflower1948 waleedtariqdra4 veronicatalbot9 teddysmom8 pobudkiewiczp moathh91 sanityassassins rollthekazbaar nifkadimnohahim againsthunting hawarddaniel joannelo72 alqudsfreezone tallyanne1 fishwallah chaimyankel18 gagne_laurent comradeyoza scribejohnm markmgr charlieloo7 jillgore8 go_vivo bighvan bad_bec nsroundtable fladjah dlsmith0817 wine48066724 baroniesisters brainwaves89 raelk2 have_sabr wherepond arrivaissues leah_krystina82 marilynshephe15 zoolooy vafairman ishkabi inshallah1001 questionsin2014 not the picture itself, but that you judge her religion, laugh at it and say “you are being fool by those people” what’s that supposed to mean?
stoooopkiiid jackposobiec so you don’t, wow man. i was being told by others that y’all don’t see religion or race
faraar12 asifahmedapt dr abdul hamid siddiqui and various biographies of prophet such as that of ibn ishaq. there's no islamophobia. there are people like you who have never cared to read anything scholarly about your own religion by your own stalwarts.
officialxtatic religion is toxic nowadays
rt falsegrailwar: 117. religion / catholicism // please read f/sf hansa is so good embeddedurl
avoid arguing about religion, just serve the god you believe in.
jerrysaltz religion has caused more wars and deaths than any other cause. live by the golden rule, it’s a lot easier than organized religions that want to make people behave as they want you to behave. just like cults.
i don’t define him by his political view nor he defines me by mine. i define him as the dude who was their for me at a point that really nobody else was. i wish the rest of the country didn’t make their political view their religion. things would be so much more civilized.
this is how fundamentalists try to defend an indefensible brutal act! despite knowing why that boy was beaten so badly, rss bigots are trying to convince people of this country that religion was not the reason behind that brutal attack! a failed attempt to normalize communalism! embeddedurl
mwlvisitssindh: sakhar mwl delegation on 10 days visit to sindh, visted a meeting in sakhar where respected sr ayesha mubashir (naib nazima mwl pakistan) delivered a keynote lecture on the topic of "the role of women in serving for religion". embeddedurl
religion and science embeddedurl
therealsevyntee bennettquanah peachflux commiewife dead slave owners in they graves rn seeing you proudly rep the religion that they forced onto your ancestors embeddedurl
masih20504030 cairnational robertsmccaw potus vp ambrice46 nedprice secblinken presssec aclu this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil ilhanmn omarjadwat rashidatlaib neal_katyal embeddedurl
monikay59659058 allah_in_quran the people of muslim religion, who are worshiping allah, are actually not allah. surely allah is someone else. for more information u can see on everyday satsang shradha mh one channel at 2:00 pm to 3:00 pm ist last prophet saint rampal ji embeddedurl
johnpavlovitz when your god is a gun or a lying, cheating, grifter you don't have any religion left.
rahulgandhi . there is no religion in the world greater than human religion. the organization or the person who does not believe in humanity is a demon trend
i am an authentic bengali, please come and interview me, my family & relatives & listen to us too. there is nothing left in bengal, didi has made sure of that. no jobs, only bloodshed in the name of religion and politics. tmc must go. bjp is our only hope. jai shri ram embeddedurl
generator - bad religion embeddedurl
remember, authentic religion came before your culture nor your tribe.
this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil ilhanmn omarjadwat rashidatlaib neal_katyal embeddedurl embeddedurl
racism among white christians is higher than among the nonreligious. that's no coincidence. religion has many vices. embeddedurl
great thread on religion in b5, esp. versus trek. embeddedurl
jennayow i absolutely love it thank you i will now be educating this guy on the pitfalls of organized religion
lsab17 very disgusting, literally its a fashion amongst modern popular hindu culture to say, this is not of race,religion,caste or country. it is universal. sick! yoga ayurveda agnihotra homatherapy meditation astrology etc are 100% vedic sanatani's invention... nobody can deny
atdsingh head hunting but before that show them how their liver, kidney and heart work just like all other human beings with no difference of religion... live show
sismaryjane sorry am from the uk it's a friday religion to have fish and chips
scottadamssays you need to add comparative religion to your talent stack.
who did this to my beautiful country? everyday we hear news of such atrocities on minorities, sometimes in the name of religion , sometimes in the name of hyper nationalism .who is poisoning the minds of the youth to behave so disgustingly? embeddedurl
and according to the actual people of the covenant, the shabbat is on saturday, not sunday. so there’s that. pendejos sorrynotsorry religion control manipulation lies embeddedurl
my religion teaches me that whenever there is distress which one cannot remove, one must fast and pray for our sushi wewantjustice for sushant fast4ssr iravitiwari chandni195 popsskiprincess nearsky68 a_ksaurav withoutthemind tombhaissrian polidutta1 embeddedurl
thesava44554170 keemstar i’m not trying to be a dick i was just trolling and then you had to try to force your religion after it was obvious i was trolling and don’t believe in him
be it politics, religion, social/economic ect ect. we need to have three sides to all stories and points of view not just for or against if you forget the middle ground you'll be in a echo chamber...
goawayorstay nickjfuentes if you don’t know what old town road is you shouldn’t even be speaking on the topic of lil nas x. religious people love forcing their religion onto ppl then get mad when we force their shitty stereotypes back on them. let the christians stay mad they’re making a joke of the faith
“woke” religion has to literally change definitions or ignore them all together to support their doctrine.
rt mocharuichi: conspiracy theories & religion has divided the black community as a whole so bad
how many sikhs, hindu ,muslim and christian would have read entire guru granth sahib ,bhagvad gita , quraan and holy bible.... i doubt even 30 % , and we keep screwing each other's happiness in name of religion ab btao ? nohastage
rapist have no religion, no culture, no cast. let's end them, lets free the land from rapists. enforcerapelaw teamforshaheen embeddedurl
mpaefosa l_man__ theshehus of course a mega cancer centre. i've said this over and again, religion is a major bane of development in nigeria. both religions are guilty of that.
yunusfire travelingnun because of racism and racial profiling in the media, police, politics. let's not pretend that blaming religion, race, ethnicity, etc. is not important.
vante_fm and they never mention his race or religion e.t.c in headlines. it's just 'a man' who did it. and they always seem to infantilize them and it's really absurd. like if a poc did the same thing, race is always mentioned. it's just weird. they always blame it on mental illness too.
padmrey all this to say-there's no 1 way to be jewish. if you want to practice the religion but weren't raised with it, it's proper to convert (jews have conversions if they change denominations & for other reasons!) but the best thing to do religiously is meet with your rabbi. and...
bjp4india jpnadda another looser instead of talking about true development talking on religion this is the way bjp work which is a curse on each and everyone.?
atikukawai a true leader, a unifier that doesn't have border on the basis of religion or . nigeria is in dear need of atiku to move nigeria to greatness. nigeria shall work again, insha allah with atiku embeddedurl
aartitva mostlytruth1 perfectionistlj mahuamoitra o really pehle to itna time waste kr rhe the....ab jb development ki baat aayi to patli gali se nikal rhe hain with due respect i am also a hindu , my religion is very personal to me..no need to give gyan on that
good step. it's high time symbols of organised religion are rolled back from public spaces and consciousness into their rightful places - homes and hearts. embeddedurl
sunday is a day of worship. so spend the whole day worshiping matriarch ezada sinn. join her page, buy her clips & spread her religion. training begins at: embeddedurl twitter: mistress_ezada blog: embeddedurl buy her clips at: embeddedurl embeddedurl
harshsa93142401 rightly said by you to stop conversion_theslowpoison one hindu sant raised his bold voice against religion conversion. but heretics cooked a conspiracy and trapped him in a fake and fabricated case. release innocent sant shri asharamji bapu asap. hindu dharma embeddedurl
me vibing with every religion except from satanists :
theosseophile it's a whole religion centered around being edgelords. honestly that's how it should be roasted. i just imagine each session starting with an organist playing one winged angel.
religion, mosey, and the atlanta murders embeddedurl
orangesickdaddy kristal100 surely did not, alex. the atrocities committed in the name of religion surpass any and all others.
riley_is_amazin lilnasx now that’s way too far for real. i support his commentary on homophobia in christianity. but this isn’t right and it’s very sad and just really mean and hurt. it takes away from the real fight around homophobia in religion
if i had my way, religion wouldn't fucking exist. good thing i don't have my way fucking assholes.
rt sirduke211: religion has a dangerous hold on people
hommofatale hahah it is what it is, i'm just sharing it. if a religion is humane, then why are some humans inhumane?
stevevolkwriter julianhuppert if they follow the methodology of 2001 and 2011 then 'jedi' will be grouped into 'no religion' anyway.
ericsco95097821 tonyshnark well, many religions tell their followers to hate other religions. but i don’t know that many tell their followers to hate their own religion.
people that class the resistance as something that's only shia are not different than zionists. resistance has no religion
unacceptable- voting and voting registration in this country should be easy and accessible for every eligible voter no matter their race, religion, creed or political affiliation. we gotta do better than this. embeddedurl
ilhanmn mehdirhasan what?! lmfao! dems have control of the senate, presidency and the house! worthless, useless, lazy and corrupt democrats. hey ilhan, isn't marijuana against your religion? hypocrite!
this is a weird forkin’ religion riffotronic
ckuck this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) including iranians & yemenis who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates‌ niacouncil rashidatlaib debbialmontaser embeddedurl
stefanstoss "natural law" = "will of god." maharishi said so. remind me again how transcendental meditation isn't a religion. embeddedurl
i do not want the muslim religion deciding what children can be taught. batley is an important debate. surprised the sun's editor decided her readers didn't care and stuck the story on page 8. may explain why its sales are at a record low. time to sell the paper rupert.
bengal--between september 1999 & sept 2000 ; out of the 300 people killed in political violence unleashed by cpim, 200 were mu$lims. all from tmc. cpim's political violence & barbarism was always religion & caste neutral. remember netai massacre ? embeddedurl
it is so very disappointing and upsetting that in 2021 we still need to call on others to not discriminate against another person based on race/religion/skin color/sexual orientation/'fill in the blank." enough is enough. stop the hate. stopasianhate
liberalhoard roarbro kimbelslice freckledliberty republicans, and the government is your religion. .... and i will always say the summer tantrums democrats refused to stop was worse. something doesn't need a deathcount to kill someone. you can easily kill them by burning down/looting their business, by trashing their workplace
mitsyarty why does this sad excuse of a man have to make all matters about race, sex and religion? he's saying there's white men and the rest of us. to put so much emphasis on it us racist and segregating. he's a horrible man x
why would u have to fear god dude such a fucked up religion
125 years on adwa is beyond a battle victory. adwa is an ethiopian symbol of resistance to ‘external domination’ mobilizing across religion, gender & ethnicity. it is a beacon of african unity & self reliance to forge our own common destiny. ethiopia resilientlyonwards :raised_fist_medium-dark_skin_tone:
ohhshewrites virali01 victim is a victim irrespective of cast,creed , religion and gender etc.. there should be no discrimination on on basis of that culprit deserves punishment and victim deserves justice .. thats it ..
so women are made to feel uncomfortable and fear their safety, this is no way to live a life, no one deserves this no matter what sex you are, religion, sexual orientation or any other personal choice in life you make to be you or what life has given to you to start
religion is like a swimming pool, all the noises are coming from the shallow end. how nicely summed is this phenomenon by grandma of a scottish friend of mine.
silencvs_ nah bad don’t let these dirtbags change ur view of islam. if they actually fulfilled my rights as a muslima instead of followed culture, i would never be in this position. man sins, but the religion is perfect
doctoronco sandsturs shekhargupta fareedzakaria bdutt sardesairajdeep i am also a resident of india to be specific u.p and i see no discrimination towards lower castes in my hindu religion. casteism has already been demolished but so called woke people like u love to degrade the divine image of my religion.
mello4christ_r6 myrrheus lilnasx well now you can see why bible contradicts itself and the whole religion is false :)
what is annoying? is the crap that some people talk & write.race, religion and what the media thinks and writes about you, your institution, your family and your country are the key to life in england. the media and public response is of paramount importance of life in britain.
globeandmail still at it?! i want freedom from religion.
buhari is a muslim, yet muslims are suffering their worst times in this country. look at syria et all. brother, government has nothing to do with faith! the earlier we keep person's religion out of the criteria of leadership the better. embeddedurl
tonyandstephen cavecavesrus mfwitches helensm76464997 scottmorrisonmp well what a shock. people need to stop hiding behind religion like its some magical high powered healing ground & call it for what it is these days, a money making tax haven for paedos & scumbag drop kicks who have nothing else in their messed up lives. shut it down today!
ibmnationn savvyrinu which of the white forced religion on us?
the pope recanted his earlier statement about the j and j vaccine...... this is science not religion... embeddedurl
jackjayjackjay tllanelli religion has no place in politics and this is a prime example of how corrupt and twisted these lot are.
seanmdav the first amendment to the us constitution prevents government from regulating establishment of religion, prohibit free exercise of religion, abridge freedom of speech, freedom of the press, freedom of assembly, or the right to petition the government for redress of grievances.
rt mauna_adiga: if all religion is one why sangh oppose conversion... answer embeddedurl
rt k_cal_religion: embeddedurl
kseniataisiya sovietvisuals what "god"? the religion is opium of the people.
incindia elections are fought on caste,, creed,, religion, n money,,,, the biggest fraud of indian democracy ,,so called largest democracy in the world
how exciting (& rare!) to receive an author’s copy of cdc29 & babakristian ed vol digital humanities and research methods in religious studies (degruyter_trs), which inc. an essay by erinaverett & me digital approaches to ancient cypriot religion.... embeddedurl
since the creation of adam and eve, throughout history, just one true religion with one original message has been delivered repeatedly to humankind: believe in the one true god (allah), the creator, and worship him only. embeddedurl
rt ksjbun: if u lie about ur race sexuality or religion online i wish u a very rot in hell
avecpcy no baby im not but i respect every religion and it makes me mad then ppl disrespect others beliefs like that
clickonnadeem yahyaes58632787 sarmadsultans rooted... we are at the mercy of uncivilized ruling elite most of which is political... comparatively we have army which is at least organized but also corrupt. so where is religion...
our leaders would rather defame all religious people than name the religion of those who commit acts of terror. this is not evolution. this is obfuscation born of cowardice. embeddedurl
scott_schulz96 emileeb1020 mattsab17 _chocolateuni lilnasx no one said it's actually blood everyone knows what it is. it's symbolic. don't be a dumbass about a religion you don't know about. you're being disrespectful for no reason.
i'm a fuckin atheist, and i find that act disgusting, than any religion. embeddedurl
adam34031 godlessengineer people working for the government as teachers can't favour any religion according to church state seperation. but im not qualified to actually say much on the matter.
joiseluke john_is_da_man chandyanil hypocrites of d 1st order! i am sure even if they explained who sri narayana guru was, kadi ninda wouldn’t ‘ve understood one bit!! guru’s own modern day disciples welcomes a man whose party divides us between religion n caste! “one caste,one religion one god 4 humans” : guru
iceland recognizes judaism as religion embeddedurl
thealicesmith by that reasoning, we should ban law enforcement for all the people of color that they've murdered, ban religion for all the sexual assaults against minors they've committed, and ban republicans for all the sedition/treason they've committed.
mendullah007 youreminence2 fash_olu addraz2000 mista_bim channelstv having an open mind isn't a crime, religion sentiments is always a seed of ignorance,.if u check through history, then u will understand that it's a cultural identity,..d nun wears similar thing they might not have called it hijab, but it's a similar design for a similar purpose.
ohblonk lgbteww eris1294 ruhela_shanya its simply irrational to hate those who wish for a better life. i do agree on how religion is counter productive aswell hence the popes recent statements regarding homosexuality
i’ve never understood why lgbtq+ community didn’t just form themselves as a religion, thereby getting themselves all the rights and protections of their current religious oppressors and a tax exemption to boot embeddedurl
religion is okay sometimes, as a treat
baarayaal i'm not an islamophobe. i'm not afraid of you. i'm anti religion. pro human.
so much conflict revolves around religion although you see so little intelligent debate around who we are and why we are here, its more about who deserves to be punished
rt rolandoirizarr3: talbertswan timothy_skim "slaveholder religion" the bishop is always on time.
people know absolutely fuck all about satanism and it’s so funny. all made up stuff about devil worship and that . i ain’t a satanist but it’s actually a pretty wicked religion all about worshipping oneself and overthrowing the christian hierarchy built into our society
allah_in_quran the people of muslim religion, who are worshiping allah, are actually not allah. surely allah is someone else. for more information u can see on everyday satsang shradha mh one channel at 2:00 pm to 3:00 pm ist last prophet saint rampal ji embeddedurl embeddedurl
new tumblr post: "cfp: "protected or proscribed? freedom of speech in colonial contexts" nacbs 2021 panel" embeddedurl cfp, callforpapers, religion, religiousstudies, acrel
his pot during moharram is called a sabeel. it quenches the thirst of every passer-by. all are welcome. religion, caste creed nationality no bar. learn from the sabeel. embeddedurl
michaelcoren james 1:27 pure religion and undefiled before god and the father is this, to visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world.
yeoldesavage challxn interesting...isn’t mentioned in our religion that only eve was at fault but both of them, that’s why god blamed both of them. and some muslims men are using this twisted story that never mentioned by allah to blame women whenever men made a mistake like they don’t have brain. embeddedurl
thetimes yet you can only chose one religion, in a multi racial society our kids will have two until they decide. theologically unsound as it may be.
/ religion i know nothing about religion im sorry !! even though both my parents are ordained ministers !! i dojnt. ! i never got taught these things o_o
that higher education rlly make u think on how ppl use religion for their own selfish gains. and it makes u question it
thanks to the liberal bubble over here is fast becoming the same as over there, 3rd world with religion being at the heart of hate x blood shed embeddedurl
rt wokenshield: asuburbian yeah. unfortunately the decline of organized religion doesn't necessarily mean the ascent of reason.
hinduism is the world’s oldest living religion, but is scarcely taught in comparison to other major world religions. learn more in this episode of the panpsycast philosophy podcast, produced in partnership with the global philosophy of religion project: embeddedurl
aminaadamu loz71033091 sholamos1 i find pretty much every single religion offensive. i do not, however, want them banned from schools.
i care not for any religion. embeddedurl
unpopular opinion - those who emotionally manipulate others to convert to their religion are downright a disgrace. ------------- let people live with what they want to do. if they want to embrace another religion, they will. you don't have to coax them to do it. :upside-down_face:
hrose9814 sajidvarda nadine_writes upset maybe, but no religion should get any special treatment.
bradw2k paulg because wokism is recent and hasn’t consumed the whole left yet, there is residue of this all over. “believe the science,” the left wing critique of anti-scientific aspects of the right (religion, crude populism,...), the pervasiveness of left affiliation among science academics
anyone want to form wonho tits religion
stuartdillon1 lol it’s a very obscure simpsons reference. when mr burns wants to form his own religion & wants a symbol to represent it, he suggests "how about this special k?" embeddedurl
ayannapressley this is the voice of thousands of diversity visa lottery winners from 2017 2018 2019 2020that have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust muslim ban (p.p. 9645) and their visas have been denied please support us muslimban embeddedurl
edelmanschin i never talked down on anyone’s religion once though i just don’t like devil shoes
fuck your church. religion is the oldest most popular lies ever regurgitated.
actualkahuna inihelene k_barbiexx oh no, the guy who hates a religion despite the fact his "reasons" are that a small amount of people in said religion did some bad things once muted the atheist who was applying basic logic to his arguments. how will i ever get over this.
don't struggle with assignments when i can help you out at a pocket-friendly rate. essay due project macroeconomics term paper thesis religion. pay someone calculus marketing chemistry history online classes research paper please dm profess21702292
drleanawen catrakowski mikakyv365 seems this boy had real issues related to sex and religion. there is so much more to this story than most seem to be aware of.
society being divided on basis of religion, vote wisely: manmohan singh in video message to assam voters. | may2withtimesnow embeddedurl
pamkeithfl let us do our religion thing in our worshipping places. politics deal with all kinds of religious. so we can only pray for better ruling but not to take advantage of religious bin politics
waxpringle davidphilllips2 lbc andrewcastle63 he should be allowed to use any resources to teach the kids about the shit religion. we have no need to placate those fcks anyway what so ever. so no he hasn't fcked up at all.
rt gcworrier: archer_rs oh the fun of pointing out that christianity is a middle eastern religion started by a palestinian refugee.
music is my religion.
rt doctoratlarge: it's interesting to note that fanatical followers of any religion have the least understanding of their own religion
trabimechanic cllrsadiq 5pillarsuk they indeed spend far more time mocking politicians than religions. though if you actually look at them and understand the meaning of the cartoons it is often the reactions of the offended that they mock rather than the religion itself.
revelation118 i’m of god but no religion, david icke is not part of the illuminati! he is one of the good guys! why the hell would he be telling people to wake up and not have the vaccines? try to remember we all have varying opinions! why don’t you actually look at his work!
lillyhoxe stop forcing your religion on others
my bio dad said that the reason i had my first miscarriage was bc i didn’t “love jesus enough” so he was punishing me by taking my baby away. ummm... yeah miss me with that bs. that’s the crazy behavior i condemn with religion.
“mortification from a self-strength, carried on by ways of self-invention, unto the end of a self-righteousness, is the soul and substance of all false religion in the world.” -john owen
868suite okay sorry making *christians* uncomfortable because when a religion is used to demonize your existence that's what happens
if you agree with few thoughts of dr.ambedkar and turn a blind eye to his opinions on religion and castes you aren't an ambedkarite to begin with! fact is, babasaheb gave up the religion and you couldn't. we don't need his token devotees! embeddedurl
akhipotter_ takeusout_lynda steve_laws_ religion of peace, what a fucking melt you are. anything islam should be banned from this country, brings nothing but trouble, as is being proved right now
who cares if he’s real or not, as long as they have faith in something that keeps them going in life they can believe whatever they want. only thing i dislike about few christians are the ones that shove their religion down your throat. doesn’t mean you should disrespect religion embeddedurl
heute ist thementag religion
unicef unesco save_children dear concern what about those children who were killing and genocide's in india' myanmar 'palestine syria and afghanistan etc 'etc human has no religion or politics why these children are suffering they need medicine' education most important is peace.
davereaboi unfortunately my wasp religion prohibits artificial fibers
allah_in_quran the people of muslim religion, who are worshiping allah, are actually not allah. surely allah is someone else. for more information u can see on everyday satsang shradha mh one channel at 2:00 pm to 3:00 pm ist last prophet saint rampal ji embeddedurl
“he was in the area when he felt thirsty. he saw a tap at the temple and began drinking when he was held by them. he was badly beaten up and humiliated. does water have a religion?“ : amilwithanl reports asif embeddedurl
sandeepkoul79 aartitikoo if all humans in society are "good humans" in actions, then human societies will not need police for streets, security systems for homes, cctv cameras in communities & security guards for buildings. if all humans will follow religion, then society will b more safe.
thesamsorbo public schools are for everyone. our country is founded on freedom of religion. so who’s religion are we teaching? but then again, everyone could blame teachers even more than they already do. seems to be the new american pastime.
narsiom aryavrta in bihar, mullahs will get a salary of rs 15000! mullahs n bishops have the freedom to promote their religion. but hindu priests don't have, they have been rendered unemployed, causing loss of our culture and religion. freehindutemples embeddedurl
rachelnotley or maybe the most qualified individual regardless of age, gender, religion. lookwhoseabigotnow
"the position of irish catholics is a cruel one... the penal laws against our religion are not yet abolished in full. the injurious social and economic results of these anti-catholic laws will not be overcome for generations..." sean t. o'kelly to pope benedict xv, 18th may, 1920 embeddedurl
this is the voice of thousands of diversity visa lottery winners from 2017 2018 2019 2020 that have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust muslim ban (p.p. 9645) and their visas have been denied please support us africanban muslimban embeddedurl
barackobama potus this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) including iranians & yemenis who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates‌ niacouncil rashidatlaib debbialmontaser embeddedurl
zinhleputin africa4pal everyone has a right to a freedom of speech, freedom of association and freedom of religion. chief justice has a right to say whatever he wants. if he was pro palestine, would you ask him to apologize ??
_preetipandey well religion has no role to play as they say
there's no how nigeria as a nation will prevail until we stop aligning every act of terrorism or insurgency to a particular tribe, religion or region, either hausas, fulani, yoruba or igbo, one man is a brother to all so as one lady is a sister to all, stoppage in importation
there should not be voting based on any religion in india for true progress. embeddedurl
thembisile_q it doesn’t matter what you are agree with, if you are on the bus from a different religion you sit and shut up. section 31 of the constitution allows people to practice their religion as they wish. other people’s religions as you say pray as well, prayer is a spiritual language
ikiwys why isn't there a religion based on memes yet? we could pray to the flying spaghetti monster
if you know, you know how i feel about love. love does not know ethnicity, religion, colour etc
wokeness aspires to fill that vacuum by becoming america’s post-protestant civil religion. embeddedurl
realcandaceo another crazy muslim shooting up the general public and still no blame/talk about that "religion" as a cause.
godlessapeman agree, it's quite meaningless as a statement/rule. but reeeeally important for generations of americans (others too), in their efforts to defend a country's/party's/company's/group's/religion's many dubble standards. meaning? "if i'm free thinking, others are too. shit!"
tractor_dude armstrongpete i to think religions are stupid as well, as i don’t believe in them. no, you do not because it is your freedom of speech to not support religion. but, when a teacher in a classroom displays an image that is offensive then he shouldn’t be teaching. he has a duty of care
ramwell56 otto_english replace religion with country. sounds familiar
goawaywithjae the truth about jesus christ abdulrahim green embeddedurl passion of jesus: son of mary abdulrahim green embeddedurl islam the religion of truth abdulrahim green embeddedurl was muhammad a true prophet?adulrahim green embeddedurl
rachelelisav bigfaline landerslass denisjohn71 then don't send your kids to a catholic school if you don't want them taught religion
ibnal3arby khadija97134823 anasoma04539265 infidelnoodle those you claim to have "betrayed" their country are people who were born muslims in a muslim society! they revised their views, found that they no longer believe in them, left them, and thought it was best to let other people know why they left the religion. that's it
i don't care what colour you are, what religion you are, what ethnicity you are, what your orientation is... i assume we are all terrified of the same thing? angry entitled violent white males!!!!! moo
all day every day. the ignorance/hate/racism/bigotry/misogyny cloaked as religion around here seems insurmountable. embeddedurl
korpisaha fromaerin deeconscience wymvie imari_sagas if someone lets you know they don’t believe in god or they worship satan or are some type of other religion, then they’re not children of god.
gullygudiya the chakras exist outside of the hindu religion. that’s what the man was saying
jkr_on_the_web yes. it continues to puzzle & riddle me...his people fled for their lives from oppression/persecution...brought down on them due to their religion...you’d have thought....but....not-wired-right.... we had a pooch like that one time...not-wired-right.... ended badly for the pooch
rasheeed203 douniamn missintrospect1 sholamos1 hes perfect according to you, so must be pretty powerful. i read enough about it, i don't like your religion much, sorry. everywhere thats majority muslim is a bit backward and lacking in human rights.
emmadotcom who put down jedi as there religion to keep it recognised as a religion by the government i did
k_o_ivi_b_o saint mschf lilnasx says the person worshipping some hobo on a cross, fuck religion
karnrulez paigedavidoff godless_mom in that case, you criticising those critical of religion is a personal attack against me. because i believe wholeheartedly that criticism of religion is important. do you see how your logic is flawed?
i know and i am so sure that followkwsg and lawyers, judges and other bodies even the minister of education nigeducation fme123456 will be silent about this kwara hijab and school riot. why on earth would you mix education+religion ketu lagos
religion has nothing to do with your wealth.
marglnalproof yeah i just get hung up on certain issues out of curiosity (rn exploring english civil war to glorious revolution, religion and its political role then), and do a deep dive on the scholarship typing questions into google, finding jstor papers and following citations
satyajit_indian yes. hinduism is not confined by the definition of abrahamic religions that are bound by a book, a prophet and a religion.
amazed to find out that 25% of the u.k identified as “no religion” in 2011’s census. (the second largest group after christians at 59%) wonder what happens to groups like the lords spiritual when “no religion” (most likely) becomes the dominant identifier in the 2021 census?
heeljason_ debris16558796 lazydagon2161 entity42d ntlabaredeemed lilnasx 2/2 its oriented towards the sexual practises like saunas, anal penetration (which straight couples are also subjected to). so yeah, fuck your hateful beliefs, religion is about love, shame on you to hide behind it.
agirlinnycity like mohammed did with daniel on their wedding day? b/c of his religion he could not kiss her??? embeddedurl
peterseale4 unitedstandmufc supporting a football club is like a religion for some ffs! there’s much more important things in life so stop getting triggered over nothing. f’ing weirdo
inzyrashid skynews it’s the religion of “pieces” embeddedurl
religious leaders take varying positions with regard to fgm: some promote it, some consider it irrelevant to religion, and others contribute to its elimination endfgminkenya
"inconsistency, hypocrisy, and norm-breaking need to be points of study for us, not points for us to be dismissive of these claims as irrelevant or unserious." dr. evan stewart (evanstewart23) discussed public religion in the us for our recent dialogue: embeddedurl embeddedurl
kittyoffrecord that's because god never intended for us to be religious. religion is just a system of control to keep others in line. gods laws are there to protect us. big difference. that's the reason so many can't seem to ever follow religion's laws, they're made to be failed.
u r dangerous, im not scared of u. why dont u go to your religion?
shawntheverbose drewgriffin5 brandoncrna somebody didn't like somebody's post about religion. they decided to speak up and voice their own opinion. here we are days later. the same person seems to have just admitted that everyone is entitled to their own opinion. well done.
this freak scottadamssays hasn’t been out of his home in years, he repeatedly blurts out left-wing garbage, surrender type crap like this. there’s nothing to be a “fan” of unless you want to join the religion of covid vaccine giddiness and government surrender embeddedurl
read: candy-coated poison: rejecting spoon-fed religion by joanna cyrus-david. embeddedurl embeddedurl
all indigenous irrespective of caste, creed & religion of assam have recieved land pattas. pm shri narendramodi ji is the 1st & only pm who has come all the way to handover the land pattas to our indigenous brothers & sisters. modimoyasom embeddedurl
sachin_inc sosin ji, abhimaan aahe aamhala tyacha.!!! sangh teaches discipline, sangh teaches us to proud of my nation of my religion. and that's why today i have a government that's proud of our country. and religion aswell.!!! embeddedurl
one of the positives of a totally authoritarian/man-made religion like islam is it's total ban on creating such despicably repugnant hero-worshipping images. how does your bitcoin is freedom $ spiel even apply when the vast of bitcoin txs are statist govt kyc/aml tainted? embeddedurl
rt capitolri: what is the religion is essential act? embeddedurl
uttamjp what nationalistic? nepalis in power needs some scpaegoat, someone to beat. it can't even swing any indian/chinese dick. so, what does it do? it looks for enemmies within, someone weak, poor, exploited, discriminated based on race, religion & region. that's nepali nationalism?
more proof religion is a tool of males. a hammer to keep others down. embeddedurl embeddedurl
they really be pulling the sultan card in religion related discussion huh? like i care haha syed saripah sume pun sama je aku x kira
chaitra navratri is approaching; it begins from 13.04.21 and will end at 22.04.21. navratri is the time in hindu religion when almost all hindus indulge in religious healthyfood chaitranavratra hydration embeddedurl
good religion and philosophy both guide a man towards a reverent life. but the better part to this kind of life is philosophy not religion, because the reverent religionists is so for fear of his god, while the reverent philosopher is so cos it is worthwhile.
the issue of waiting [for the re-appearance of imam mahdi (a.s.)] is an inseparable component of mahdawiyyah. it is one of the key concepts for understanding religion and the general movement of the islamic ummah towards the lofty goals of islam. thepromisedsaviour
hey cabellschools and cabellsupersaxe stop employing bigots that abuse children by pushing religion on them. beawesomecabell , you can do better.
aamrapali magicshubs deespeak ananyarane it's not okay. you can't expect one group to keep changing in order to accommodate others. our blessings must not be turned in to a curse. no one is questioning the female pandit ji here. my problem is with non hindus appropriating my religion. that is not okay with me.
i simply am asian ,i'm proud of it and even one deserves to be treated like a human irrespective of their cast ,creed ,color ,culture ,religion embeddedurl
koaleszenz that's kinda my take too. there's some legitimately good self help, particularly for young men who feel entitled and angry at the world. but i think there's some really bad stuff that comes from rejecting rationalism. not sure it's worse than regular religion there though.
this is disgusting!!! and people wonder why others have so much trauma from “quran schools” and in our religion. may allah hold these types of people accountable in the hereafter! embeddedurl
yarsani kurds of kirmaşan playing the tembûr. tembûr is a kurdish instrument and is highly associated with the yarsan religion. twitterkurds embeddedurl
this is the voice of thousands of diversity visa lottery winners from 2017, 2018,2019,2020 that have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust muslim ban (p.p. 9645) and their visas have been denied please support us. potus vp secblinken dvlottery embeddedurl embeddedurl
if u r practicing the so called hindu religion (actually it's sanadan vedic religion),pl tell ur kids about ur varnam & caste & why that varnam? if u don't have the courage to tell the reason, pl. get out of that religion. without understanding, don't make them to practice that
thesavetemples destroying others temples is a karnama for this guy, wow what a peace loving religion.
shinamuller aur sindh se ek laash tak nahi nikli. you must know that ma'm.. we people have never discriminated our people on the basis of their religion
zertixis conspiracyb0t i’m not religious myself, but i’m fine with people being religious as long as it isn’t hateful. humans have a psychological need for answers to unanswerable questions, and religion fills that need. as long as they’re not hurting anyone, i say go for it :)
sadiqgonii musjib999 elgoney1 ameengoni atbu_connect sometimes people mix culture with religion... which is wrong, remember caftan is a nigerian wear, it wasn't present at the time of the holy prophet, and the prophet never said you have to wear caftan on fridays always love your culture and practice it but don't mix it with islam
on a separate note, how did christianity, a religion that originated in africa get to europe and put in their heads that they are superior based on their colour dyu know how mad that is embeddedurl
silence is one of my favorite religion/philosophical films bec it asks hard questions, esp for people of faith. i give it a 9. when it gets deep, it really does i just hate the anti-catholic bias of mainstream media. people are not giving it enough attention plus it is beautiful embeddedurl embeddedurl
roshlew the savior of the jews is jesus, who thinks he has been killed. read a little more, islam is the most perfect religion and the abrahamic religions are all the same, because their prophets came from one god.
informednjnurse no more separation between religion and state?
rt yungbludlyricss: there's somethin' about the way our bedsheets turn religion upside down
wasim2299 sidharth_shukla u r curse to ur religion
see what y’all lack is respect...ok you aren’t christian but in response to the people upset about lil nas x’s video you start disrespecting the religion but want people to respect your sexual preferences
musicianbirthday3songs 4th michael stipe (4th january) fall on me embeddedurl radio free europe embeddedurl losing my religion embeddedurl
jvnxiie m4uve1 taebr4tz belladonna1363 dojasafada chartdata lilnasx ok and here you are trying to invalidate what i’m saying regarding some of the past remarks nas made regarding my religion... i mean i don’t mean to be disrespectful but you literally came at me rudely for no reason so ofc i’m gonna snap back
we are all equal, and if for reasons of your color, gender, wealth, nationality or religion you believe you are superior to others - you have a problem, and you are simply wrong. embeddedurl
that's me in the corner that's me in the spot-light losing my religion trying to keep up with you and i don't know if i can do it oh no i've said too much i haven't said enough embeddedurl
religion and god-belief, of all flavors.atheism humanism godless embeddedurl
chnnadozie i served in the north. i feel utmost pity for the whole northern region. religion has done more harm than good to that region. what hurts most is the fact they think they know shit.. :man_facepalming_medium-dark_skin_tone:
bjp ysrcp tirupatibypoll somuveerraju svishnureddy stop spreading false news about ysjagan govt and ttd atleast have fear of god when you talk of religion & hinduism i request all active patrons of ysrcparty circulate this video as much possible embeddedurl
نیازی_قبرمیں_سکون_کرو shame on these third class people.shame on those who are showing their hate to an ill person. you all are fail as a muslim. does this our religion teach us!? did our beloved prophet muhammad (s.a.w.w.) use to do this?
n0tash4 i respect this. i’m an atheist but the whole shoving religion down the throat of others thing does nothing to gain followersjust leave everyone to do their ting, if there is a god he’ll handle what needs to be. he doesn’t need people on twitter passing judgment on his behalf
jihadwatchrs how many time should we say this? terrorism has no religion. let’s stop attaching it to islam. there’s no room for violence in islam. no member of these groups (isis, al-qaeda, and the likes) is a muslim. none. just using the quran to cause mischief.
sarahsalviander vteclimey i find your science tweets easier to understand than your religious tweets. i don't think that's a failure on my part, or on your part. i think that's a failure on the institution of religion.
karnrulez godless_mom are you suggesting mocking religion should not be allowed? have you ever considered that your religion calls for mockery by itself?
govind_mishra_ rights_tracker divyarunpai tejinde52441549 sagarikaghose it’s funny how a person from a religion which created caste system and is affected most is laughing at others for that.
ghost_wales because its against their religion.
herasyndullas thatbmanguy oscar isaac is literally jewish, though, like from his father's side he has jewish heritage. it's that simple, just 'cause he doesn't practice the religion doesn't invalidate that. embeddedurl
we must include religious groups in the peacemaking process if we are to strengthen global security. i chaired a un security council meeting today, where justinwelby, religions4peace, karimkhanqc & ekhlas khudur bajoo shared insights on religion’s role in peacemaking. embeddedurl
lumby01 nurmijas abc the measure imposes additional penalties for crimes motivated by a victim's race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender or disability.
mobilepunch religion had devulged this country i swear
rt speechunion: "the truth about woke witchhunts is that there is no ethic of forgiveness in this religion" embeddedurl
kpopiskpop_ nyucuddles they are idiots honestly. asians are the one who live in asia....simple honestly but these people have to make it complicated coz they are fcking racist and have this weird idea about asians. they don't understand that asians are literally so diverse, colour, race, religion wise
laurencethebird maryloumcdonald i condemn all current day and post-gfa violence on our great island. as a child born post-troubles with people that are dear to me living in protestant areas of the north, i do not wish to see any continuation of paramilitary activities or violence to anyone due to their religion
flomaxxroach organized religion can be wild.
oxsoc agree. same with religion and gender id - how would knowing counts at small area level affect resource allocation or planning?
dj30915215 gautambhatrcb seekingsrishti rajkaur_kpt no religion is above criticism! only the gods that are impotent to act for themselves depend on their devotees to protect their honour! the devotees too know this truth! that is why they react violently against critics! they know their deities are no gods!
a man who follows the path of religion (dharm) in all difficulties, is able to resurrect his hidden powers. tranceinselfglory embeddedurl
cca team screened the movie 'gattu' by ranjan khosa in village hazipur dugadda of shamli, up on 30th march, 2021. people from different religion as well as women came together to watch the film. film filmscreening screening cca embeddedurl
a peaceful afternoon to remind you all that religion fucked us up as a continent mahn.!!!!! embeddedurl
i'd like to propose two attitudes scientists can take towards science: treating science as religion or treating science as magic. science-as-religion attitudes imbue science with sanctity. doing science is considered to be sacred. science for science's sake.
we deserve to feel safe in school regardless of our skin colour, religion and/or parentage. we all deserve our cultures to be respected at a basic level. racist and xenophobic assaults of any kind have absolutely no place in education batley
if you take weeks, months or even years to research...trying to save your religion, that is typical. religion will teach you that any apparently problems in the religion is your fault. that mechanism is there to keep you in due to fear over your own shortcomings.
manallitea the child's religion matters to its community. just as we come together to fight for our rights, so should we call out such ignorant members of the community who perpetuate harm which is not even part of the religion.
the top ten abuses of religion in politics – social concervatives at work embeddedurl
choroidplexus8 xadist666_ lilnasx y’all run from accountability so fucking much it’s sad. y’all “ opinion “ are killing millions of innocent people a day. there are literally pedos running rampant throughout y’all religion and y’all are silent about it. y’all big weird
malaymail seems more like a cultist approach wanting the usage of allah, baitullah, kaabah & solat to imitate the pillars of the religion of others.
rt artcassis: happy choso is my new religion
religious, ethical, political or moral belief. so think about that...you could be denied care for your religion, if you have on a maga hat, if you have a std...anything that violates the “conscience” of the hospital or doctor it’s awful and it may very well pass
iana_of_orleans sinzumone freyaasgard55 bbcworld i've explained how islam is against forced marriage and conversion but you chose to ignore this because it doesn't fit your narrative that islam is this all evil religion.
skeptik2019 well the christmas lockdown didn’t prevent us from mass at all. it was to avoid other gatherings. i agree it’s ridiculous, but i don’t think it was an attack on religion. the first lock down, masses and all religious services were banned, but churches remained open.
evangelicals putting a golden idol before god? what kind of religion is this? embeddedurl
i agree. there's a lot of stuff i really don't see eye to eye with in my religion. but god and i are one, no matter what. embeddedurl
vanmaak newyorker jew is not a race it's a religion embeddedurl
“the more someone wants to suppress your identity, your culture, your religion, the more you want to learn it,” ilhan says. “if china doesn’t want to let it happen there, we’re going to make it happen here.” embeddedurl
hire our legit services in; english essay due paper write paper pay do my homework chem case study online class religion history assignment chemistry biology econometrics marketing someone help paper math python 100daysofcode dm essaywritingex1
joshbuice you’ve fully jumped the shark here. made it clear that politics are the true religion of choice.
yamiche and it will continue to be a mess until they get rid of voodoo and super voodoo...er.religion and replace it with science, educational sustainable help.
laylahersch yes, that’s what i meant! there’s been an uptick in conversions amongst latin american and nordic communities lately. islam is the fastest growing religion in the world rn, so attaching any phenotype or physical marker is pointless. plus, many of us muslim women don’t wear hijab.
you know you’re down bad when you start believing in organized religion
"pastor james coates to be released from jail as crown withdraws charges" freedom of religion is not a government granted privilege, it is a right. thanks pastor coates for your great courage showing us all that we must fight back to keep our rights! embeddedurl
as corona's case is on the rise across the country & especially in maharashtra, govt guidelines should be followed in these circumstances. there is no contradiction b/w science & religion, but where religion seems 2dominate science, people should stop & think about it. nanded
my religion is sunset shimmer
httweets narendramodi throughout the world there are a sizeable section of radicalist who believe won religion is sacrosanct, spread hatred in society, against other religions and the followers. it's the outcome of that after modiji's visit for the saffronites activities.
senbooker statedept senatortimscott payourinterns no! pay must be determined by privileges, race, color, gender, religion and every other division you depend on for votes.
this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil chantaladasilva omarjadwat usabehfarsi neal_katyal embeddedurl
strengthmrrigh dailycaller you want me to go away? quit trying to force your religion on my people. quit being a fucking bigot. but you can’t because hatred is all you people know.
humanmortal1 evekeneinan religion assumes. science discovers.
this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil chantaladasilva omarjadwat aayoub neal_katyal embeddedurl embeddedurl
lanacondor brightlight46 americans of every skincolor religion and nationality are with you, outraged, and care!
fmtoday let this young mp learn from the one month stay at singapore, how the nation is built by race, religion as one singaporean. less corruption, political abuses, racism and etc.
is religion the mind's worst enemy, an illusion at best?
wyldfyer woodford_16 joeysbettah lilnasx maybe i was out of line. i mean shit whatever helps you sleep at night i initially posted because your boy used god to attack gay people (in this case a notable black performer). that is morally low. hiding behind religion to shame another who’s not like you is disgusting.
wakey wakey alex trimble and religion
rt duaaandazkar: o allah, help and guide us all to improve constantly in both matters of deen (the religion) and dunya (the worldly life).
indeed, islam is the best religion.. embeddedurl
malcolmnance maga -its called a cult - followers of an unorthodox, extremist, or false religion or sect who often live outside of conventional society under the direction of a charismatic leader. &gt;taken directly from the dictionary
religious freedom should work two ways: we should be free to practice the religion of our choice, but we must also be free from having someone else's religion practiced on us. -john irving, novelist (b. 2 mar 1942) quotes
megodynamite jttunesyt lexplayes god made us, and loved us before we were even born. we're called to love all regardless of sexuality, religion, etc. but disapproving of how god made people just seems wrong to me.
the gond tribe, which has a long history and a rich cultural past, has found itself marginalised in the postcolonial indian state. even though the community shares a language and religion, it has been fragmented into seven different provinces. embeddedurl
who can tell me the sin of amhara people? is it it's religion?..or patriotism?.. or what? stopamharagenocide reuters plaid_putin potus joebiden rusembethiopia bbcworld ajenglish
rt moldyblunt: religion is imaginary
religion de isak danielson, temon embeddedurl
ironandpaddles heftyopinion brendenwhiteiey amymek not because jesus or their religion told them to....they kill just like people in other parts of the world kill.
secblinken statedept usembassyseoul this is the voice of thousands of diversity visa lottery winners from 2017 2018 2019 2020 that have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust muslimban (p.p. 9645)and their visas have been denied please support us africanban ayannapressley
isn't it time to pray for the appearance of a savior outside of every religion and language? humansavior thepromisedsaviour
joshkariuki point is: since they are medical professionals, let them subject their argument to their peers in biomedical field(s). don't use religion to boost the legitimacy of a biomedical position or infer to speak on behalf of a faithful.
i'll be ticking 'no religion' in the census2021. i don't believe in or practise a religion, and think it's important to reflect that honestly. if you agree, take the humanists_uk pledge. if you're not religious, say so! embeddedurl
ksorbs that’s peaceful protest sorbonne where do you get off telling people what to do if they knell in protest what’s your problem? when i was in grade school one girl in my class was excused from pledge. her religion did not allow her to participate. we didn’t judge her so bugger off
rt namaryuu: may i interest you in joining our spider religion? embeddedurl
race, religion, belief, sexuality, gender, disability, age etc etc ffs just be nice to people!
whitegoypunk blkliberation84 but he was a devout jehova’s witness—and the short films that may have offended individuals of this religion had a viewers discretion on how it does not represent his views
carbonbaby sciam peterhotez it’s dangerous to accuse anyone of anti/science when scientists are wrong about the biggest issues regularly. it becomes a religion searching for heretics.
realstory_of_hazratmuhammad hazrat mohammad ji has given a message to muslims never to bleed and not to take interest even then meat is eaten in the muslim religion. baakhabar on earth embeddedurl visit -satlokashram youtube channel . embeddedurl
seaveyrichards nastyizzie okay so ur only pro life bcs ur a christian? well i am a christan too but i am a pro choice because i think its important to know what you think and not the bible, ofc i respect you because it is ur religion but this is just my opinion
dougtennapel people got along just fine before religion. nobody had any real reason to dislike someone else, but when the tale of the magic baby born in bethlehem broke out, people were killing one another for not believing the same things as them.
conspiracyb0t mrtolerantman in my opinion organized religion is in it's death decline already.
more like the head teacher decided to apologise ... not sure who forced him? a disgrace ... we have every right to depict religions as we wish to ...and if your's is so fragile u can't take it then look to your religion not to those criticising embeddedurl
ckirubi hello meanwhile i can get you books in pdf and audio-books format at a very cheap price. personal development/inspirational, religion, finance, law, medical, love, novels, history etc i will get them for you within minutes. for inquiries and purchase, please dm
it seems strange to me why don’t they go after there own. why must it be white or other religion under age girls. fu.king scum embeddedurl
smolangreydemon jjhawktree dockt0r govkristinoem they should have had a problem with them. the fact that they didn't is less about religion but rather signifies how absurdly fucked up our world has become. and we will all feel the pain that is coming for us.
assimalhakeem give them food and shelter and not religion. religion will come.
elainebenes99 all the jabs at education and religion... embeddedurl
deannacollazo1 no official language while you're at it, there's no official religion either
jesus said the last prophet is coming. ppl, it is the last chance to practice religion correctly. failing to follow will cost you painful torture. isaiah 29:12 and the book is delivered to him that is not learned, saying, read this, i pray thee: and he saith, i am not learned.
dedoyinajayi if you are worried about cannabis making you psychotic don't use it. schizophrenics are also often mixed up in tobacco abuse and religion. 'cat-scratch' bacteria linked to schizophrenia, study says embeddedurl via nypost
ayob4real she has herself there. she’s using religion as a coping mechanism for the fact that husband is scum
ethiopia&lt;|&gt; ኢትዮጵያ! land of: greatest kings & queens true hospitality righteous people the first hijra true religion/worship the arch of covenant resilient people and places perseverance/edurance the blameless/justest people heroes, lionsnlionesses
i don't think there is anything in this world that will make me ever argue religion with anyone on this app again. if u like, make a 20-tweet thread on how god is fake and jesus is fictitious, or how christians are the problems of the world, i no send. million other tweets dey
maprabham textivist kashmiripandit7 narendramodi nothing's further from d truth. being hindu is more of a political plaything-sucker 2b exploited n thrown away toiletpaper- just a vote bank. our religion/temples even 2day looted n no security e.g. kashmirpandits-refugees in own land. n namo was supposed 2b our saviour!
tomthedatadude commander_bee but it’s not a religion or even a lifestyle. i don’t give a flying fuck how others eat...until they ask me and then i’ll insert my opinion. which is exactly what happened here.
aclu religion and nationality has not to do with humanity. humanity has a lot to do with generosity, kindness, mutual understanding and respect ! every enlightened person rejects racism in all forms of it potus vp aclu muslimadvocates humanrights1st secblinken chantaladasilva embeddedurl
lbc andrewcastle63 the students support the teacher. they want knowledge and to make their own mind up.the parents want to live in the past using religion interpretation (males) to control what children think.
i'm here for his justice only,if anyone facing any issue from me that i'm from different country, religion and caste then please stay away from my acc, i've zero energy to say anything on your negative energy much love+strength to my ssrian family around the globe. embeddedurl
praying isn’t the bare minimum. it’s a pillar of islam. it’s what holds you onto the religion. any act of worship to allah isn’t a bare minimum. every act of worship holds scales on the day of judgement, whether it be compulsory or not, from fasting to smiling. everything counts!
this is a religion being used to indoctrinate people into white supremacy and violence. it made me sick. this is part of what causes the violence like we just saw in ga and what asian/pacific islander-americans experience daily. hold your churches accountable for their words.
rrpathak9 ekamsin84132468 ravneet85005514 hellwasi chinmay_150847 j4ckindia ag99233403 guru nanak dev ji start fight with hindus in 1469 because of you're bad thing's what are doing since you came on earth. he was born in hindu family but he didn't accept your religion. so now we are not hindu we are separate then you.
saint anthony. prayer religion healing embeddedurl
libertyjen truth. we all need religion in our lives, whether we admit it or not.
im__payal rajkumar8973 allah ki sachai muslim ache se jaante h, pahele aapne dharam ko pdo fr unke dharam m ana, kaha likha h gita m ki dusra dharam galat h? mind your own religion
fumefox i'll show it as much respect as i do otner religions once it stops dictating terms. we are a free country and as such h have a right to say and act as we see fit - within the law of course. no religion is beyond question or depiction in any form.
talkradio juliahb1 the religions of islam, christianity or any other have the right to impose the requirements of those religion on their followers but they should not have the right to impose those same requirements on those who are not followers of that religion.
senjanetongera hello meanwhile i can get you pdf and audio books at great prices. personal development/inspirational, religion, finance, law, medical, love, novels, history etc fast services for inquiries and purchase, please dm
maidros78 shudntbehere not_the_right_religion !! hindu hindutva !! who_cares ??
realtuckfrumper thank you for sharing this article. i'd always wondered what bible evangelicals teach from that would support a con man like the previous guy. sad that they call that a religion.
faithlessfriday is live now til 7 pm et ----&gt; embeddedurl also, stitcher, spotify & podcasting app religion news podcasts skygod lol embeddedurl
the unholy trinity. there is such a deep level of indoctrination and misinformation within religion in america it’s not even worth the tweet. y’all keep crying, imma keep bopping to montero lilnasx embeddedurl
the most common cause of atheism is the experienced and observed hypocrisy of organized religion. people just can’t take it robreiner debramessing bettemidler aweissmann_ rbreich rabbiwolpe
hemantt85768492 ofnosurnamefame zoo_bear show me one verse in hinduism which says kill non believers... tell me one speech where they have quoted religious text. hinduism have no concept of kafirs. it does nor say my god is only god. never compare hinduism with abraham in religion....
rt tinysuayeon: this photos are my religion embeddedurl
only angel is my religion
yfnatheist liberating, but also life-threatening since leaving a certain “religion of peace” puts you in the same spot as someone who left the mafia. embeddedurl
sonth poshte! today, we kashmiri hindus, (in forced exile out of kashmir, due to intolerance towards our hindu religion & ‘faith’ in the indian constitution) celebrate the onset of spring in our homeland kashmir, with the determination that we will reclaim our homeland embeddedurl
blackwidow_wf religion is not in any way equal to moral. unless killing your son because god told you to, and so much more, qualifies.
teaching your child that they'll go to hell if they don't abide by your religion is manipulative psychological abuse.
i'm so sad my grandpa is passed away cuz he probably know people important historical figures like our traditional chiefs and such :'3 my grandma probably knows but she's ch/urch ways, vs our religion long/house
my religion is humanity, my preaching is love, my goal is to work for peace and save my mother land gilgitbaltistan from evil forces. the_north_blood unitedgilgitbaltistan embeddedurl
this wednesday at 5 "in the name of christ: lynching and religion in post-revolutionary mexico," a webinar with dr. gema kloppe-santamaría (gemakloppe) of loyola university, chicago open to all - please join us! for zoom link & other info, visit: embeddedurl embeddedurl
ros4percs religion destroyed in 3 tweets
discotrix1 sdlplive allianceparty greenpartyni voted alliance since i was 18, when they were a genuinely mixed religion party, left for ladyhermonmp when they proved they weren’t and would rather jump in front of a car before voting for them again.
coffeenfantasy i was a native artist then your people destroyed me in the name of religion whatever
dylanbrody i’m so cantankerous about people who have made prayer into an absolution of all burden, even emotional, for themselves. you would think that getting your religion involved would be pretty hecking serious. you just vowed to take the matter to god. and god said “what a pity”? stfu.
chuckwoolery chuck i'm so ashamed to share the same religion as her! believe me we are all not like her!
wilsonsitorus denying it when he (maybe,as of now) practices the same religion may give the community a false sense of innocence, that there's nothing wrong & thus nothing to be done within the community. like how the nra uses mental health to avoid the systemic responsibility of mass shooting
blog: guns and god: how religion has warped gun reform in the united states: embeddedurl
ridiculous how few shit head r turning ayesha suicide with religion. dowry and harrasment is the most common problem women faces in india irrespective of her religion and caste. can we stop hating for once and actually see the problem.
hereisnathaniel mrfestusogun ebiowei_ why do you christians think your religious book is standard for all? not everyone is a christian and the laws of state shouldn’t be based on religion.
henryvlii redsteeze so are every man of a certain religion. the mayor as well?
kfcfkfcfk_of_ac thayralt epicsonicfarts tyler is a real religion that you practice
we greencard lottery winners(2017-2020) were selected and invited by u.s gov, but all refused just because of our nationality & religion it's unfair & against human right do justice . i_want_my_miracle_back muslimban potus vp ambrice46 nedprice secblinken presssec aclu embeddedurl embeddedurl
religion makes people stupid, even well educated people. embeddedurl
apartheid in israel? in israel, arabs are allowed to vote, free media, free religion, joint shopping and beach. in which arab country are jews allowed to do this? embeddedurl embeddedurl
when you meet a lady, just introduce yourself and go ahead and talk about politics, soccer, economic policies, endsars, religion and other aspects of life you find interesting or puzzling. stop asking useless and baseless questions like “do u think we can heat it off? are u mad?
conceptualjames jj_denhollander 19_mo_86 alsoacarpenter jemartisby yuri bezmenov wins again. destroy their religion, offer a false and superficial one in exchange. it's part of the demoralizing of a society.
and it’s usually men attacking other men.... men are still the problem here... also saying the religion= terrorists is also wrong embeddedurl
bexgraham david_cormack religion has much to answer for.
alfiore1958 lisarules perhaps the most disgusting characteristic of cruz and his fellow evangelical extremists, is that they don't practice the tenets of their religion . the same guy who flies off to cancun because his wife says, "i'm freezing," would deny those truly in need, basic sustenance. oink!
bugodike saharareporters don't think we don't know ur culture and ur religion, how many fathers got their daughters pregnant in south? in ur culture is allow u can sleep with ur girlfriend before marriage, i'm sure u was born by fornicate.
politicians divided indian society on the basis of religion, caste&community. so far we never come across a leader who can unite the indian society. arvindkejriwal is one such a leader who can unite the society& raise the dignity of india before international community.
- teach capitalism. not how to be a cog, but how to build wealth by creating real value at scale. - renewed focus on traditional moral philosophy and / or religion. - renewed focus on importance of family. - reduce focus on consumption. fulfillment from family and community.
new tumblr post: "call for stand-alone articles" embeddedurl cfp, callforpapers, religion, religiousstudies, acrel
state sacred fox as your religion in the 2021 uk census to help us create a newsworthy protest against hunting & animal abuse. please retweet and join the order of the sacred fox on facebook to show your support. rickygervais peteregan6 keeptheban_ huntsabs thesacredfox embeddedurl
sampatkanand b_rajsrini naveenkumartanj positivepriyan ikamalhaasan maiamofficial 2. he has shown all avatarams that many devout hindus wouldn’t even know. you just need to stop being shallow. religion serves the same purpose just like education, helps you teach right vs wrong. for some it happens at school, college, temples, churches etc.. kh dint need it 4/n
josh_macc danielthomasnw lol yes it is, christians aren’t the only religion that has marriage so don’t argue that it’s about protection the religious significance of marriage
davidjharrisjr so police are not allowed to believe who they wish? religion is something that you cannot take away from anyone! leave police alone
abdullah_twitz a_chola_king apposing a major religion, under minority religion tag is death trap. dmk at anytime, a situation comes, will safely escape as 90% hindu party. remove the minority tag, be as a ethnicity, appose in general, not as a religion. else, u suffer and we also suffer as brothers.
rt musicofarun: humanity is above religion and caste. the world will be a better place if we the people realise it.
santani4321 unsubtledesi yes dear! i’m not sure if you are aware of nupur and her ideologies. she may bring anything to create hate among religion. so mine was sarcastic comment. rest i will leave it to your wisdom.
i'm not going to respond to her position on aurangzeb, as i'm not remotely competent enough for that but the comments i mentioned above, it strikes me that if that was said by any academic about muhammed, jesus, or any other religion they would be at least chastised
kindly dm for help with your; excel stats assignments projects case study presentations discussion posts history course work paper pay econometrics accounting english essay biology law calculus religion book review anatomy dm us writes_essay
i’m pretty sure the bible says you shouldn’t press your religion onto others anyway so just mind your own. it’s really so simple
hey cabellsupersaxe beawesomecabell please fire your health teacher who has admitted to repeatedly pushing her religion on her students . and has been unable to separate church and state , in her teachings.
"i love christianity because its the only religion that makes you admit you're wrong." false but okay. imma keep watching.
onthisday in 1590 battle of ivry: henry of navarre and the huguenots defeat the forces of the catholic league under charles, duke of mayenne, during the french wars of religion.
shehusani hence, to imbibe and practice religious activities go to missions schools. to be liberal in the two religion, go to conventional schools.
urgh its religion class time
rapporteurun a buddhist monk was shot by terrorists junta with real bullet in seinpan mandalay. military don't care religion!! freya_cole youranoncentral towards federal union whatshappeninginmyanmar mar13coup embeddedurl
bluegrassrabbi lahavharkov yairlapid why because he believes in a separation of religion and state
clar_idade telegraph works with any given religion embeddedurl
jdmahama2024 kwamenyarkoosaf yawplug_gh deborahvanessa7 what you are saying is true but there's a slight positive correlation between poor countries and religion
stephan98058370 itsjojosiwa hunni stop using religion to put people down. best if you stfu.
mfks act like getting rejected against they religion
kpopvsmcyt out of context opinion, let's go. kpop fans - is a religion that people hate on twitter. fuel to the fucking fire. mcyt fans - same thing, but more toxic, lousy, noisy, and mom can i please go home both are too scary. verdict: both are fucking trash. just chill.
i dream of an india where the response to a muslim kid being beaten up for going to a temple to get water should be to open up mosques for everyone (irrespective of their religion)who needs water or food.i don’t know any other way we can fight this hatred & darkness. sorryasif
inimblei imagibuilder 1huss_ kingjamesstory lilnasx yeah because a thing called christian terrorism doesn't exist. because christians never commit hate crimes due to their religion. fuck are you talking about.
andrew_adonis well, who'd have thought it, eh? do the trade stats by any chance also reveal what religion the pope is, or where bears go to the toilet?
rpn today. every service of god that excludes dynamism is religion. if it excludes flexibility, the dynamic nature of god then it's religion. rpn apeoplearecoming
didn't the military junta say that they took over the country to keep the country's religion not to be disappered? now they killed a monk? towards federal uniom whatshappeninginmyanmar mar13coup save mandalay embeddedurl
happy holi to all! in life, as in sports, politics, religion etc etc, no matter which colour one prefers, let's always give ourselves the chance to step back, breathe and enjoy life while it lasts! happyholi embeddedurl
r_a_e_a nickferrarilbc lbc we don't have blasphemy laws. religion is absolutely up to be questioned and mocked. do you oppose the life of brian too?
stjohnstelegram this week stjohnstelegram has published a call for a return to private religion-based denominational schooling and another totally evidence free concern about "socialist propaganda" at mun. we clearly need a better edited local paper if these nuts pass the telegram's standards.
the lure of extremism. today's cartoon by galym boranbayev. more cartoons about extremism in our collection: embeddedurl extremism ideology faith religion indoctrination embeddedurl
this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) including iranians & yemenis who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates‌ niacouncil rashidatlaib debbialmontaser embeddedurl
alexandraleslie wpri12 this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil chantaladasilva omarjadwat aayoub neal_katyal embeddedurl
fiona bruce mp asks at pmqs about persecuation of christians under the banner of religious freedom. i'd like to ask fiona where the tory party report is on islamophobia? i am sure she is keen for it to be released due to her passion for freedom of religion.
today's version of the equality act would prohibit anyone from even arguing that its enforcement interferes with the fundamental right to practice religion. embeddedurl via sarahpperry dailysignal
plethoramania i have no problem with people believing in god or practicing their religion i said that numerous times. i’m all for freedom of religion, i have a problem when people use it as an excuse to abuse people. stop being so melodramatic and extrapolating what i say.
obeyamark religion indeed. politics in this country has always been driven by tribalism
radsraghu 1) mindset: the new psychology of success 2) the righteous mind: why good people are divided by politics and religion 3) deep value: why activist investors and other contrarians battle for control of losing corporations
wasim rizvi hurt the sentiment of muslim religion. we won't forgive you.arrestlaanatiwasimrizvi
hemantmehta gaantifascist this sounds like so many of the sermons i heard in southern “christian” upbringing— also heard the narrative of slavery described in the bible and not condemned— few of the multiple reasons i think religion has done more harm than good
download now =-&gt; embeddedurl ====== read free an introduction to confucianism (introduction to religion) by xinzhong yao
carltspeak dumaurier10 prwhittle mailonline in a secular state everyone has a right to practice their own religion and state can’t inter-fare in anyone’s belief secular state means that state has no religion. secularism doesn’t give you a right to hurt people’s sentiments just to sooth your hatred.
hey friends please tag any mentions of religion good night
the birth of this newspaper was surrounded by maneuvers that are unclear to me. it's first godfathers were workers who called themselves socialists who placed their children and the children of others in religion.
dev2908 pavan_nithya abhishbanerj caste system is going away that doesn't mean you will kill hindus. give me one religion where there is no caste??
savarnabuster find out religions of mark, elon musk, bill gates, mukesh ambani and start sticking labels of religion to each and every product. fool
amoskangara4 mukea_lawrence githaigaa_ hello amoskangara4 gotv is the undisputed number 1 in video entertainment with great content ranging from general entertainment and movies, sports, documentaries, news and commerce, kiddies, music as well as religion that will keep you glued to your television the whole day. 1/2
bluedragonsfang brijswijk nunuwithtools josh_hadnot chrotochived paul12078440 piercespears you use all of what the bible says you don’t debate a religion and then pick and chose want you want to apply from the book, such common sense
factcheckindia reallyswara why cant it be true due to cavuery calling moment by embeddedurl called actor sure doesnt know anything about religion or anything and causing a lot of problems to indians all over the world with her half knowledge
kotjaffar farhaz98 andradepurnima oh yea i can 100% agree w you on that, religion is a joke
cobbyjonathan freddysageworld paa04310692 gabbydarko you don’t understand rastafarian erhh? it’s more like a culture or religion. if muslim girls are allowed to wear hijab to school why can’t rastafarians allowed in schools ?
tw // christianity . . . . . this is antitheists: religion is bad *attacks marginalized religions while spouting out arguments that only work against christians*
ion know where lil nas x going with these antics. but oh nah. ion play with god like that. and im not even a big religion head.
nicksoutter meknowhu jssciencefocus millinillion3k3 no2dogma unitedchurchcda proves my point that religion is political weapons stockpiled high. pull it out whenever you decide to take someone down!
a better idea is to assign “credibility” or “acceptability” ratings to white-people-run “thinktanks” on the basis of how fair (ie religion-, race-, nationality- & gender-neutral) are the criteria they use to assign ratings for democracy, motherhood, apple pie & other good stuff.
i really don’t understand why people use religion as an excuse for homophobia... like, don’t you have a tattoo ? isn’t that sin ?
via thisdayinmusic "23 march 1991, r.e.m. scored their first uk no.1 album with their seventh lp out of time .. the video for 'losing my religion' won two grammy awards and six mtv awards" embeddedurl embeddedurl
there's only one abrahamic religion, and that is catholicism.
2/6 what if it was these guys whose spears were mightier than the musket who invaded europe... forcefully imposing their ideology and ridiculing their subject's religion, dressing, housing, norms and general ways. embeddedurl
u.s. senator tommy tuberville, who built a reputation for pushing religion onto public school football players, today repeated his christian nationalist talking points on the floor of the u.s. senate. embeddedurl embeddedurl
wataruen see also the phrase “tyranny of the majority”. exactly why the first ten amendments were added. historically when attempts were made to define national religion for example. but yes it also cuts both ways at times.
bouquetvibes it is religion induced
but you are furious if men lift up men. stop being sexist. lift up your neighbor regardless of their gender, race or religion. embeddedurl
jayjazz3 azamatsecoy what ways would that be? observable? testable? verifiable? you can't get very far with god/religion using the scientific method because all religious claims across faiths are stuck at lack of evidence. so we aren't able to move forward if there's nothing to test.
rt pwrj: crazy people like that give religion a bad name! dump divided us every way he could!
james 1:27 religion that is pure and undefiled before god, the father, is this: to visit orphans and widows in their affliction and to keep oneself unstained from the world.
interesting discussion of art replacing religion in public knowledge embeddedurl
the broad, vague and coercive nature of the blasphemy laws violate the rights to freedom of religion and belief and of opinion and expression. embeddedurl
pakistan doesn't has close ties with india .they say that they abuse muslims however pakistan has close ties with china which has build concentration camps to abuse muslims and strip them of their religion .china hummanity
shattadede how old where you before ur parents introduced you to their religion .. the school didn’t do right
and if you're a cishet christian, you may not believe this way, but i guarantee people you sit in pews with every week do. what are you doing to change that from within your religion? to not be enablers of abusive, oppressive beliefs and practices?
“idols, identity politics, and lies of our age.” learn about the cult of modern identity politics and the unique threat that this new religion poses to society with the intercollegiate studies institute, the american conservative, and phc on march 20th. embeddedurl embeddedurl
atheists are right in that religion often makes people worse: e.g. superiority complex, less tolerant, more violent b/c of authority of god, etc but their solution of godlessness is wrong solution is found in jesus of the gospels, the anti-religionist who offers love, humility
jimin singing falling by harry styles is my new religion embeddedurl
coming up later today we welcome aiyanakoka for our research seminar, 'religion, cooperation, and trust: the cognitive origins and societal impact of supernatural beliefs.' embeddedurl
bdutt kapskom suhasinih indian army is not of any religion.. only religion is the constitution of india embeddedurl
replug | the dominant upper-caste communities, for a large part of the subcontinent’s history, identified themselves and others not by one’s religion, but by individual castes, and the rising caste atrocities today show that this fact has not changed. embeddedurl
chipchop123 bruh fuck religion. shit causes more harm than good these days
danieludoh28 femia86 dokunojomo could that be on account of his tribe and religion.
riquelme1010 orlsha flowfy1 k_barbiexx ymlx__ i am seeking argument for questions that i have about the religion the mass follows. everytime debate occurs like this, the ones that follow the religion seem to back out. if you must exit the conversation, i wish you a good day. otherwise please stay and educate us.
a woman's choice about the next 30 years of her life, should never be based on other people's ideals. we wouldn't expect that regarding other life choices like school, career, religion... yet it's ok to tell her what to do about the most important decision she will ever make.
yoga embeddedurl via imgflip "my children, the secret of religion lies not in theories but in practice." ~ swami vivekananda
thekesh66 buckbanzai8th lozzafox muslim is a religion i really think you need to do your homework.
i feel pained at seeing the condition of ancient powerful temples! we are going to lose them forever if we sit back its not about religion but about human transformation . sadhgurujv ishafoundation silent support freetntemples call 83000 83000 embeddedurl
cptpuffy just became part of the saint andrea religion, here are the cookies as promised
pheww this is a double standard reallyyyy dalam agama pun. there is a always way to respect people by not attending this so-called close-distancing event. religion seems supported celebrity than science isnt? embeddedurl
i want to know which religion’s devil i need to sell my soul to for some sort of mental stability. and also a very detailed description of how to do it.
“does religion do more good or more harm for the world? this has been the subject of intense debate for centuries. in this article, i will try to weigh both sides. ” — matthew gliatto embeddedurl
megalotramp liamthebrewer darreneuronews you still haven't explained why this is the situation? redlining you used previously, not true is it. and the segregation issue? deary me. it's integration into society of their new home. they can still practice their religion, culture and language....
itsmutai are you an avid reader? get pdf books at affordable prices! personal development/inspirational, religion, finance, law, medical, novels, history etc fast services for inquiries and purchase, please dm embeddedurl
daughters are not safe in the governance of bjp no matter with which religion or caste are you related disharavi is a hindu girl we all know how this government treated her bjp bhgao desh ki beti aur roti bachao farmersprotest godimediaantifarmer embeddedurl
_indra_99 jamesdelingpole he never called himself that, and was actually pretty hostile to devotional religion. his mature views on neo-paganism were negative, too. embeddedurl
19. por un triz 18. new religion 17. good life 16. monument 15. one touch 14. magique 13. beat of broken hearts 12. little tot 11. mai dire mai (la locura)
percentage? 10% - mutuals 10% - interacted on tl 10% - dmed 10% - seen my face 10% - know my birthday 10% - know my religion 10% - know my country 10% - been in a gc together 10% - heard my voice 10% - know my name
the lack of consensus that last week's shooting was a racist act underscores the complicated history of anti-asian violence. huahsu also: 'sex addiction' and religion.joshuagrubbsphd and: colin on late night comedy's response to the shootings. embeddedurl
pedspedped jeeee when it's all about religion and being selfless but then sike religion be like: fuck all them other ppl
zazadeh0111 jakesullivan46 brookebaldwin cnni cnnee earlystart danabashcnn willripleycnn cnnpolitics cnnimpact washingtonpost nytimes nbcnews abc euronews bbcnews reuters reutersuk dwnews manaro_77 aclu joebiden secblinken vp adc nilc kamalaharris presssec this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (dv2017 to dv2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. potus aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil chantaladasilva omarjadwat aayoub neal_katyal
captstubble i hate religion and the confidence it gives idiot.
rvcj_fb i know yogi,he will now step back when it comes to religion but positive thing is that it is just 40 metre statue and i think 1 crore is allotted from ram mandir fund
quovadisdelhi chetansha_ swati_gs so what is the point? you mean to say there are zero crimes committed by hindus. i can also show you 100s of links where heinous crimes have been committed by hindus. criminals do not have any religion. but this you will not understand as all of you are so blind with hatred.
sorry, but i just ain’t got the time for conspiracy theories like religion. u might call it comforting & healing. i call it controlling & oppressive. potatoes, potahhtaoes.
even in golden temple in amritsar, one cannot enter without covering their head. every religion/temple/place of worship has their own tradition. embeddedurl
eternalenglish 2tweetaboutit “completely unacceptable”, says the education secretary. i agree ! the teacher should have shown a graphic video of a stoning, a beheading or the aftermath of a terrorist attack. all carried out in the name of this gopping ideology masquerading as a religion. no apologies !
vsojuniper also i like to believe that gender is mostly humans wanting to put people into boxes to increase their own comfort. i refuse to generalise an entire group based on such limited information like f.e. gender (identity), race, age, religion etc.
good to see young personalities shehzad_ind abbas_nighat subuhikhan01 nd many more who don’t hesitate in call spade a spade across religious line. we also hv other youngsters _sabanaqvi shehla_rashid shoaib jamayi who defend every anti india act irrespective of religion. embeddedurl
go go gadget bald religion
vikeshjn kunaljain_19 flyingbeast320 from where jainism/buddhism/sikhism originated? for ur kind information hinduism is not a religion. it's the cultural identity of people who lived in this region from thousand of years... britishers named it hindu religion. we all are sanatanis which means we all have same root
rt maria48910: if you wanna peace in your life. recite the quran sharief regularly . islam__religion_of__ethics embeddedurl
sir_a_o_a darthefra thequartering the jedi religion was flawed. these emotions such as anger, fear, etc aren't inherently wrong. their flaw was the view that feeling these emotions was bad. no. not keeping them under control is bad.
deeperfectgem ahhh religion. if it isn't teaching you who to hate, it teaches you to hate yourself. tax. them. all.
cindy89617233 ndegwabull6 k24tv religion is worse than the "demonic african culture" you're condemning here.
kashmiri_23 bunch of old men.this is the 21st century.religion has always been one of the biggest cause of division in the history of humanity, all based on an imaginary entity.
r.e.m. - losing my religion (passageway cover) embeddedurl via youtube
day. plus there wasn’t much food to eat to begin with. those were difficult times. so for the prophet to predict such a thing, is truly mind boggling and only highlights that he is upon the truth and haq and that he is the last prophet of the legitimate religion of islam.
spookymachine how you define it is your personal choice. in most surveys, atheism is a different thing from "spiritual but not religious" or just "other", which is what more and more humans are considering themselves. though i say everyone has religion, which is just your group's history.
scootermagruder you got to let them know it’s not right i’m not trying to put my religion down your throat but i want you atleast know about the good news and not be blind and have no knowledge in the truth
the abusive nature of religions. peaceful religion is an oxymoron. poison embeddedurl
the world has been run by morons that believe in some religion for hundreds of years and look where that has gotten us, until we have leaders that have the balls to lead without religion the world will continue to descend into chaos, we need real leaders!!
manish_shrma22 dhruv_rathee then why they only state "that dalit girl being raped" or clearly telling names of accused in public .it is media responsibility to keep secret atleast names ,media starts finding caste,community or religion out of victim n accused so that they got maximum attention on youtube
hell is just a religious belief and if you don’t believe in a religion, there’s no hell embeddedurl
sohail458q muddaabaaz iamnehabharti and nation was divided by religion problems as usual they can’t find peace anywhere on the earth problematic everywhere and btw embeddedurl
tennieee bottom yong is my religion
emmaikumeh africans will remains the same not until they start learning their history and ask difficult questions. africa was birth place of civilisation & culturally richest continent b4 religion came over. embeddedurl
atheisticscorp1 isaifpatel zoo_bear they think they are helping muslim by mentioning the religion . but instead it will make india more communal.
newshour race, religion, gender, sexuality, masculinity, power & control - ingredients of americansupremacy nooneunscripted embeddedurl
chriscoons repjudychu this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates embeddedurl
can't believe that i only believed in religion for 3 years only and decided to "waiit a second.."
robinthebank4 rana49045954 ancient romans & greeks had no religion either, christianity was brought to them. same with zoroastrians. if it had been forced, there would be none in iran today. strange that everyone complains about zoros in iran except them, shows brainwashing
gathua5 _fels1 any cultural practices that are inconsistent with islamic values are totally forbidden. culture is subordinate to religion.
adesh_k_shukla shalabhmani he serving people's day and night irrespective of status, cast and religion. hundreds / thousands of people's approaching him via various ways for help and he is trying his best to reach to everyone. it is not good to blame him.
naa_ashorkor me for instance, i will never teach ma children about religion. wegotthisafrica
vintage_utd love to see my religion never failing me...
dr. gerald c. goeringer, associate professor of medical embryology in georgetown university, in a conference, reads a paper about details of embryology in the quran. embeddedurl islam religion embeddedurl
religion hard at work. "...they were detained by police under a section of the blasphemy law." embeddedurl
biden just said it!!! hearts and minds ... the soviet union outlawed religion, think that changed anything? nope. until people learn, care, understand each other regardless of color, religion, political view, orientation, that we are people first... you changed it on paper only
darlingjeromy veilofignorance pairagraph jonhaidt zaidjilani shadihamid i won't deny that there have been christians have been killed for their religion but to equate to the holocaust or other oppression (the progroms in russia, the entirety of the crusades... and the fact jews were expelled from over 100 countries in europe) is wrong
darkhorse354 _khalidjalal _sayema wtf ... don't know how many crores have been donated by businesses ,tatas, adani, ambanis and more, no one wrote their religion but one muslim came forward and this women, blah blah its "islam dharam "skoda laura" "adrakh lehsun" , shut the **** up :thumbs_down_medium-light_skin_tone::thumbs_down_medium-light_skin_tone::thumbs_down_medium-light_skin_tone:
doberdoggo this has been twitter all year. find an echochamber, and suddenly skiing during a pandemic is ok within your group, so it's ok for everyone. morality is relative. being kind this year was the unpopular religion.
stevebassdc yaas_america marxist/communist antonio gramsci: "socialism is precisely the religion that must overwhelm christianity. socialism will triumph by first capturing the culture via infiltration of schools, universities, churches and the media by transforming the consciousness of society."
shafiur monywa’s protest leader, waimoenaing, was abducted today. unlike any other activist, he was charged with murder of two police which he never did. terrorists are using religion as psychological warfare. freedom of speech apr15coup whatshappeninginmyanmar
question 13: have you questioned your religion due to a post of video on social media ?
emmyjewel mrmarilwyd in a compulsory education system you think it is ok to criticise a religion? i though he was there to teach not preach...
since it's good friday remember, jesus says: religion is bad for your health! embeddedurl
new2theg franklinmaitla1 washingtonpost now even the first line says it 'grants', hope u know the meaning of grant, it's not taking citizenship of indian of any community or religion. there a difference ok
terrorist junta raided islamic religion compound by continuously firing gunshots just for protecting peaceful protesters in mdy. 1 was shot dead in the chest & 5 were forcibly abducted. freedom of speech apr15coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
dwuhlfelderlaw artsycarol how can this stand?1 amendment congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble&to petition the gov for a redress of grievance
phindu1947 firstly, i never use just hindu festivals to make a point. if a gathering can be avoided, it must; irrespective of culture, religion, political affiliation or whatever. the fact is that this disease spreads through contact. that is enough to limit contact. that's it.
benzai_daegan thinkingatheist sethandrewstta seth is my favorite! i binged like 7 years worth of his podcast all in 1 year when i was trying to find my way after leaving religion. i've listened & watched so much of his stuff that he feels like family at this point. he's the dad of atheism, & i mean that in the best way. lol
it’s really sick to celebrate the decline of these people groups. no compassion, understanding, or recognition of the role of religion in securing families and peoples. ortlund despises these people as much as his secular counterparts do. embeddedurl
a quote i like 'there is enough religion in the world to make us hate each other, but not enough for us to love each other'. so true, especially you look at the conflicts around the world embeddedurl
cusackandrew also said of the christian religion: "i believe in the ethics of christianity. can't believe the mumbo jumbo."
rt obuongevans: only the religion of the blood and the cross of jesus gives hope and life beyond tombs. revivalvigilexpress
one_true_hobo ddee_ssbu i was dead in the water the moment i saw lion religion
truth3211 dsteketee jerseyrizzo his religion defines family when it’s continent. i don’t see his religion leading the way when it comes to him stepping up for abused women. pandering is a serial abuser is not beneath him. embeddedurl
jarekmilorad exactly. i believe there’s a reason people want to have a religion, of course. people want something bigger than them. but when you are using it in such ways that it just makes you look like an idiot.. it just becomes laughable. they are ruining it for everyone else, too.
dm us to help you complete your essays and assignments on time math essay paper paperwrite english dissertations someonehelppaper casestudy essaypay homeworkslave onlineclass religion homework assignment history econometrics marketing academichelp131
i am not affiliated with any religion in just good in all sanctuaries bc me n god cool like dat
"in my opinion, it is legitimate for non-muslims to be concerned that someone with that sort of baggage is a federal minister" as if muslim who genuinely practice islam should not be worried that such utterances are made within the context of their religion. gtf abeg. embeddedurl
toomuchrry curricular activity, reading? learning about my religion (??) getting updated on the news, learning how to make this world a better placd
religion is a mental disease. embeddedurl embeddedurl
idolstruggles it would be amazing if you guys could spread awareness about the muslims being tortured and held in concentration camps in china. they're being forced to go against their own religion and families are being separated. it's basically what hitler did to the jews but in 2021.
"the author’s dislike of conservative american catholics blights this book, as does his extreme reluctance to criticise their left-leaning co-religionists." embeddedurl joebiden bookreview catholic potus uspolitics religion biden america usa politics
dear indians, before you die, live ask questions surrounded by plague staring at death open your mouth and ask why? you will die with honour else even living will be worst than death you are supreme not any nation constitution, religion or god. covid19
gazettengr why did he not blame religion for hindering nigeria’s greatness during salah ????
new pod americans are losing their religion & that's changing politics. while atheists & agnostics may be very democratic, ppl who identify as "nothing in particular" are a much larger group and split about evenly. w/ perrybaconjr and ryanburge embeddedurl
tarioliver444 profukay ayosogunro this means you don't even know about your religion. israel isn't a christian country. there are even a larger number of native muslims there than christians. jews are the majority and they practice 'judaism'
richarddawkins it's one thing to choose to believe a lie yourself. it's quite another to use coercion or threats to force someone to accept a lie as truth. religion has done this for ages & now secular ideologies are embracing delusion & changing language to reinforce non-realities.
diddles religion pray
terrorist junta raided islamic religion compound by continuously firing gunshots just for protecting peaceful protesters in mdy. 1 was shot dead in the chest & 5 were forcibly abducted. freedom of speech apr15coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
swetascb mumtaj bano is against hindu religion
mkamugira1 hello i can get you books in pdf &audio books at affordable prices! political, inspirational, religion, business, law, health, novels, history etc i deliver in minutes for inquiries and purchase please dm embeddedurl
xk_sonu jemima_khan also our religion teaches us not to call it my religion only. it's a religion whom each and everyone can adapt and follow. jemima_khan didn't debate over religion she just put forward an ayah to clear the matter.
that was the shortest relationship since high school but ayyyyy it be like that sometimes. no hard feelings, religion just didn't add up i suppose. at least he was kind about it.
jediqueenie there is a vacancy for a sexiness goddess in my politeist new religion. do you like the job?
ianfarrow abc730 mrkrudd there is when he rams it down our necks & governs via that cult religion benny hinze founder in us says his original focus is wrong & not realistic.
newsmax emmarechenberg religion to me is something quite unique. my mother, bonnilee motley, ensured that one of the first things that i understood as a foundation for my existence is that god had offered me and then a second child, to her in a vision, due to her faith and desire to serve and bear life
fomax112 imagervet this is literal depiction of what is happening in africa today with religion, i inflict pain on you but you have to normalize it and thank me for bringing this god to you cos i am better than you
if psg looses with mpabbe and neymar, then football is a big scam just like religion and marriage. psgmci
look at what i read. in the name of religion? embeddedurl
sometimes i used to think that our ancestors were not very educated, so religion was racist in our country. but our generation will eliminate the line of this religion casteism but the situation here is getting worse.
this is how islam starts to build itself as a religion in your mind when you read its story. it's a story of rags to riches to rags to robes to almost divine status. but absolutely not divine. though, about as close as you can get. started from under the sand. now owns deserts.
if you are a muslim, come out as a muslim, if you are a terrorists claim it with your full chest, stop disguising evil and terrorism as islam, my religion is a religion of peace
the way i've brought up history, science and logic just to prove him wrong and he's like "no but religion-" stfu stfu stfu
anyone should act right because it's the bare minimum, kindness doesn't know gender, religion, politics etc. the amount of likes and retweets in this tweet is saddening embeddedurl
godmorningmonday saint rampal ji maharaj says that humanity is our religion. his followers are not divided into different religions. they believe in one religion only - humanity. visit :- satlok asharm youtube channel saintrampaljim mondaythoughts embeddedurl
you are constantly in our prayers india, allah show mercy on people of india. our prayers and our sympathies are with you. we are neighbours not enemies humanity is the biggest religion. pakistanstandswithindia indianeedsoxygen embeddedurl
30kkozak19 centristmillen1 baaz1107 libertarian196 arvindkhosla2 dsgarcha rwac48 cmseth1 jangaldhar kayjay34350 swati_gs he didn’t want marriage, after he got what he wanted he was trying to get out, she brought it up, he tried to dissuade her by bringing up religion , people promise marriage to get sex all the time, so there is no “ jihad”
donlemon get better education and get closer to religion. floyds created chauvins. more floyds create more chauvins
cchristinefair for example religion&politics, instead of uniting under the female gender identity look at christine fair's opinion about love jihad. is love jihad accusations fake? absolutely not. so many non zzlim women r getting converted to zz lam for marriage. isn't that exploitation of..
speakerpelosi islsm is not a christian religion and quit pandering to them iran is muslim snd they are haters of americans.
the commonwealth shall not make any law for establishing any religion, or for imposing any religious observance, or for prohibiting the free exercise of any religion, and no religious test shall be required as a qualification for any office or public trust under the commonwealth.
seriously considering diving into a blog post/short article, titled something like "the cost of queer religion," that emphasizes the economic burden of accessing marginalized scholarship, especially when anti-queerness intersects with racism and sexism.
wish we would just live by the golden rule. fuck religion
keijo21 franklin_graham just pointing out how the church tried to brainwash people into their religion by stealing their holidays. using the cross as a symbol makes no sense but didn’t hurt people.
here’s the the thing if arlene didn’t bring her religion in to politics then we wouldn’t know she was in fact very homophobic ! but she did and we do ! also who are the gay friends i need receipts !
and that is a mother's role, and no science, religion or governing body can change that. as that is mother nature. if you were a mother in a den of cubs, and your children were in danger, you would be the same way, as i am. trying to keep the kids alive...
rt bowmaniwas: conceptualjames and the crt crowd still claims their “theory”is not a religion.
dsylxia there was once separation of the races, children that grow up in diverse places know no different and treat each other the same... homophobia is also a result of society punishing and hiding homosexuality partially due to religion. children do not know discrimination inherently
ryleem131 i am starting to realize “faith” is part desperation as well. i don’t think 99% of people would so strongly believe in religion if they did not feel the underlying desperation that capitalism causes. i think the most ubiquitous thing we think of is people praying 1/3
obeyamark lol, this religion is islam. say it dear.
how do religious scams work? umm same way religion works. by faith. the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. embeddedurl
it’s not a religion. suuuure. not at all. not at all. embeddedurl
thebooksatchel religion has always been used by powerful people to control the masses and make a fool out of them. people are losing jobs because of lockdown but govt. is encouraging people to congregate in the name of religion and elections.
hamidmirpak eisa's statement shows his childish knowledge of the religion, which needs lot of improvement. i feel sorry for pakistan (as he has called it a gutter), if this man is made cj in future. imrankhanpti
frustindian but that doesn't allow us to gather like this. let it be any day/function/religion matter. we can't afford to have rising curves, at any place in country. pls stop such comparison and spread awareness as much as you can.
love this quote the most " i like religion that teaches liberty, equality and fraternity" - ambedkar extremely poud moment for indians as britishcolumbia celebrates drbrambedkar 's birth anniversary as "equality day":smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: realyssharmila जयभिम jaibhim ambedkarjayanti2021 embeddedurl embeddedurl
that god/religion be worth following? let people be people. let people walk their own path. trust that people can make their own decisions for their own lives. be humble and recognize that not everyone can, should, or wants to live your way. 6/6
fdcollins24 nabilu please elaborate the difference between cult and religion?
tearoeprice eugeneeugene87 i don’t disagree. hence me saying that deconstructing from abusive religious beliefs isn’t enough since the problem is much deeper. and today it’s still religion too.
very reminiscent of the christian furries complaining about being ostracised 'for their religion', or right-wingers for their 'politics' spoiler: it's not religion they're scorned for, but their hate and acceptance/encouragement of violence and erasure against the marginalised. embeddedurl
hametuku muslim is the fastest growing religion
monywa’s protest leader, waimoenaing, was abducted today. unlike any other activist, he was charged with murder of two police which he never did. terrorists are using religion as psychological warfare. freedom of speech apr15coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl embeddedurl
hmu now math chem essay due paper write english paper pay someone help paper case study essaypay do my homework online class religion book review assignment chemistry history econometrics 100daysofcode nodejs womenwhocode coding whatsapp : +4474047523 embeddedurl
cuz youre my religion
news24tvchannel ashutosh83b manakgupta here is the pm blatantly using religion to appeal for votes, which is a corrupt practice under our election law. embeddedurl
this. some people cannot believe that others aren't baby eating murders and rapists without religion, because for some reason, they see themselves doing this if they ever lose their faith. they have issues. embeddedurl
luciarendn4 sillylara rosemcgowan heytammybruce do you actually think one side is worse than the other? all politics is cult like. everyone says that their religion/political affiliation is right, and everyone else’s is wrong, and then they’re loyal to “their” politicians, no matter what. like a cult.
rt sioliwanag: who is kaachi?? i only know akaashi. and its my religion. embeddedurl
"my religion is not fiction, for my god stands before me in all of his glory." it was more than clear that polnareff's undying loyalty bordered on fanaticism, strengthened by the bond that he had developed with dio over the course of nearly a year. one of his very first &gt; embeddedurl
daikamessb cynthianarukami whisperainn bro why tf you taking this to a socio political level as if my man is attacking your whole ass religion for not eating rice. also mexican dishes dont even use rice
sujeetpatel0 baitkapoor saibharadwaj pti_news amitshah bjp4india sanghis are blot on all we hindus who misuse religion to divide nation , spread violence , riots, rapes, bombings, lynchings , sex trafficking , pornography
“i thought scientology came about when tom cruise made a bet with his friends that he could start a religion”
hire us for essay and exams help reflection paper hw due research paper. chem essay due paper write english paper pay someone help paper case study essaypay do my homework online class religion book review chemistry javascript python. codeggggggggggggggggggggggg embeddedurl
calibetrippin93 siave4thenight omarabhr95 sanju152005 lovinginvention dontrmrartpop im not trying to justify it i think that the murder and violence is horrible but i wont go around bashing a whole religion. the religion isnt even centered around violence but after 9/11 its so easy to tie it into that and use it to justify any violence towards them.
rt mawmain: low hangers plapping ass is my religion
we’re looking for a temporary block for a p/t (0.4) teacher of standard english and studies of religion (both year 12 classes) at masada college, st ives. mid term 2-end of term 3. if you or anyone you know may be interested in applying, please contact me.
zero99550473 is this useful to you? our video/podcast “you too can recover from religion” thank you! embeddedurl exmuslim when humanists attack we do it by educating each other on building a better society. humanist embeddedurl
myogiadityanath you say didi is against "jai shri ram" chant.sorry,she & the people of bengal r against politicisation of ram and religion.ram is in the heart & mind of a true bhakt,there is no need to shout his name from the roof top or sloganeering mahuamoitra shekhargupta
religion & science: comrades in arms against ignorance | morning news from spokanefāvs - embeddedurl
zerohedge good. america wasn’t supposed to have a religion.
when the inevitable happens 1. left liberals jehathis will celebrate. 2. rayta will shed crocodile tears without directly naming religion. 3. twitter/fb hindus will trend jesufisnarsighad 4. amit ji will utter a few compiles sentences 5. myogiadityanath will name a road embeddedurl
thealiceroberts unfortunately..... you can't criticise the islamic religion in any way.... but being in a christian democracy .... you could criticise christianity and anything else but now we have non christians here (for whatever reason)... you now can't.
amitmalviya aap bahut mazaki ho, kaun aap se zyada aisa kar sakta hain bhai ? credit only goes to you as you have divided the nation on the grounds of religion.
fwaterblast herbaltrea dengismsakaiism donttreadonjew legalobserver1 no, don't hide behind that old chestnut. you. are. a. fascist. you argue the exact same things that nazis did. nobody cares about your religion, this is about your words.
dogu_tozlu no, dharma isn't religion... dharma means right way of living and the right way to live is yours to find and decide.
while americans still believe in god, a growing number have dropped out of organized religion, found a new gallup survey. embeddedurl
sateen6666 ethanhuntervix 8_787811 lilnasx really i invite you to get information about the satanic temple (don’t if it is a sin in your religion) you’ll see what satanism really is
kaibear_is_mine wohi na pagal hain sarre aur bohat sare log tou praise kar rahe ke wahh kia baat ki hai..their oppas more important than religionthe hell is wrong with them
i think im gonna start a new religion
realmaalouf fuckoffthetable living_pb geertwilderspvv u clearly didn’t understand my tweet. every religion belongs everywhere but we all know that jesus is middle eastern and christianity started from there. also, u clearly dk how islam first spread so don’t talk about it.
i'm muslim, islam is perfect but i'm not. if i make mistake, blame me but not my religion.
waquidz mendlis_ parthbadani07 xgondalx islam is just a faith and not a fact. there is no proven existence of allah and so you can't really start an argument assuming it exists. others follow other god and religion and if your religion talk bad against others is a hate
callygingrich newtgingrich catholicism is a pagan religion. the pope is the religious antichrist and will rise again. you must know that the holy roman empire ruled for 1,000 years until napoleon took it down? while god raised up america. we have free religion, i understand...so fir that reason alone ok
ellabananas5471 22ndstreetfrog talking about the possibility of us finding our way back to religion when we’re older
so science is now "good" and "true". now that we are assigning morality, let's make it a religion scientology science arrogance embeddedurl
harpua55 tarekzismail taking a suspect thru a drive through on the way to jail is very common! you are purely ignorant for making such a statement! of course you don't like andy ngo! he represents factual information, which i understand is against your religion. facts tarnish your world view.
steeltoetruth yes. i was raised catholic. i hate religion. but i still think there’s some higher power - i don’t think it’s some man in the sky though.
ineshasengupta2 reallyswara indiatoday now lemme give u some facts forget religion is crowding good in this pandemic markaz had 647 and kumbh has over a million every day itne toh poore india mein test bhi nahi hote so gets ur facts cleared baat religion ki hai toh dil se maano
rt jannatul_ria: he is trying to create rift btwn our fd in d name of religion
if your religion is rooted in the devaluing, disrespect, or discrimination of any human person, then your religion is not the religion of jesus. there are too many people saying the name of jesus while subverting the love of jesus. that religion neither knows jesus or love.
in easter message, ahmad lawan blames religion for hindering nigeria’s greatness embeddedurl
taha11055232 repraskin codywofsy jb_cox omarjadwat wangcecillia aclu potus vp we lottery winners (2017-2020) were selected and invited by u.s gov, but all refused just because of our nationality & religion it's unfair & against human right, do justice pls help us i_want_my_miracle_back muslimban potus vp ambrice46 nedprice secblinken presssec aclu embeddedurl
i expect men to advocate for sexual violence. one religion to advocate for another. people with freedom to advocate for the voiceless. abled people to advocate for disability equality. the privileged to advocate for the oppressed. diaspora to advocate for their origin country.
stephaniedowric cheryl_kernot abcthedrum not fussed what religion the pm chooses to follow. my concern is that his speech to acc shows he sees the pentecostal values as superceding his obligations to lead for all australians, regardless of whether we accord with that faith. plus he charged taxpayers or the plane trip!
over the last year some noida anchors have peddled ludicrous whatsapp forwards as ‘news’, promoted a yoga entrepreneur’s dodgy products, abused anyone questioning the govt, gave a pandemic a religion. there can be a vaccine for covid. there can’t be one for bigotry & stupidity.
hutaosboo not the colonizer religion
both parties have their bad apples, but the gop is bottom of the barrel red delicious.they target single/few issue voters with religion and hate to keep them in power. do u honestly think these politicians ask themselves wwjd? they are businesspeople. they sell laws, not freedom!
sir, i have deep reverence for you...but the bible has got lot of contradiction,discrepancies and fallacies... but all the same we all just need what’s going to connect us to god.. islam,christianity or traditional religion.just get connected to god. that’s the key embeddedurl
hindus way of cremation is the most scientific way after coming from cremation grounds,we take bath and change clothes which other religion never did but now, after corona,all religions are following this system.. just a question,was it not mistake, american indians voting biden embeddedurl
hello twitterindia twittersupport this account, which till date was hidden in every religion, exposed them to everyone and made them aware of the truth. santrampalgvid
fastest_llama yoshiryder06 penis of god religion start it now
bog_beef but who do you refer to when you say “they dropped the explicit religion”? because when i say clerical petty-bourgeoisie, i mean the literal clergy of churches.
what's a good beginners introduction to hinduism? a book that isn't too detailed but sufficiently explains the religion? don't give answers such as "hinduism is too complex, no one book is sufficient", yeah of course but the goal is to know the basics. so comment good books.
o allah, set right for me my religion which is the safeguard of all my affairs. grant me salvation. and set right for me the affairs of my world wherein is my living. and set right for me my hereafter on which depends my after-life.
mubarak_1106 saurabhtop ekdam sahi. two wrongs don’t make a right. in fact muslims should continue practicing under covid guidelines bcz it’s not about isko kyu allow kiya but religion isn’t a competition & doing things out of spite. but being careful abt causing harm. that’s deen
henryrambow i questioned my phrasing because i want to avoid appearing as if i was saying *everything* about religion is lunacy. there are some good things about some religions. but i kept it because i couldn’t find a better, more succinct way to describe the terrible aspects.
cairnational cairkentucky hlpublicsafety this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) including iranians & yemenis who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates‌ niacouncil rashidatlaib debbialmontaser embeddedurl
dabsquad_slank religion should serve a culture, not the other way around. if islam inspired malcolm to do what he did, great, but the same religion didn’t inspire arabs to stop enslaving and castrating us, so i’d argue he elevated his religion to a standard of morality its originators lacked.
rizvanadeniyi his point is no one is suppose to hate anyone, regardless of religion
steeltoetruth can anyone experience god (or goddess) and still belong to a religion?
eddietofpik thanks. fact of life: people are very protective of their religion. i understand that. what i do not like is that the known world religions teach manners and kindness. these fake religions that are motivated by greed generate cruel and disrespectful behavior.
yahayamohammed3 saharareporters only when nigerians stop being stupid and relating every single thing to tribe and religion will we ever start growing as a nation. we have too many immature so-called citizens and people like that need total reorientation.
“socialism is precisely the religion that must overwhelm christianity. … in the new order, socialism will triumph by first capturing the culture via infiltration of schools, universities, churches and the media by transforming the consciousness of society.” ~ antonio gramsci embeddedurl
the prophet (saw) said, "the taking of a bath on friday is compulsory for every muslim who has attained the age of puberty." [sahih bukhari, hadith 895] ramadankareem jummamubarak islam__religion_of__ethics
morrispexmouth he is one of them. if he were a true humanitarian he would have supported corbyn. religion only for the rich, not the needy despite what he says. utter scum.
anyway i’m literally livid at how people have mistreated sajat. this woman was embracing islam wholeheartedly and doing her best to practice it as she should. and yall did the equivalent of shitting on her doorstep. and now she’s left the religion because of it, good for her.
we arrive the same way and will leave the same way, our parents and culture chose our religion and foundation of belief, but god has put in our hearts a universal religion called love. walk with peace, compassion, kindness, serenity and respect, forgive, walk this earth a saviour
helperoftheking faran_rabbani studentofmirza i don’t side with anyone, i side with thorough research and evidence regardless of someone’s religion or beliefs. try again.
ayeshaijazkhan whatever he said is totally baseless but we can’t justify “fahashi” while responding to his statement. particularly in context of our religion and country.
lesterj86230633 braddo35 lucasbrowne ausboxing jamiepandaram fightnews grantlee_kieza foxsportsaus maineventtv ben_damon boxingpins boxingscene thanks for your invaluable advice. i'm alright to speak about religion and politics though, right?
dangelofisher royal commissions are like religion, a palliative for the masses.
mansoortshams so if someone said banning the muslim religion doesn't infringe on the 1st a would you agree. there would still be plenty of other religions to choose from, right? see how asinine your logic is?
notmypm notmygod scottyfromhillsong fakechristian blockthebudget dissolveparliament electionnow votethemout in doing this he is turning people off religion, particularly his bizarre version. hey scotty, we are a non-sectarian country! embeddedurl
and those who live will again vote on caste, religion and pride...that's the saddest part embeddedurl
nareshdawar6 advmonikaarora koi bhi religion ho, corona case ki body ko jalaya jaye...they should not buried them to restore this virus for future generations...
aamaadmiparty arvindkejriwal nhi abhi aap log aur hindu muslim khel lo ye sab ap hi logon ki to den hai jo bharat aaj is tagar pe khada hai weldon game continue to religion besis
quran 5:3 - in this verse, god (allah) says that he had perfected the religion and completed the blessing.) doubt no more, and learn how to use the quran, it’s different to any other book in this world. i’m not a preacher but this might help someone... subhanallah rt
religion blasphemy au embeddedurl
pauljonna jennaellisesq when has there not been religious liberty? oh wait... muslim, jewish, or any religion that isn't christian... yeah that
lucas20520 nobody ever discusses religion with me. where do you hang out? if someone did ask me that question i would just have to say lack of birth control. the human male's sex drive. so, just random chaos is how i got here.
i can go a day without flirting with thbthe idea of being on ur leash goddess pray2kingkourt your religion is established..
finding god whatever that may mean to you shouldn’t drive you to to forcing someone into a religion. even atheists have the right to not believe so why won’t people acknowledge the right to believe differently.
mjrowland68 except he went there as a member of that faith group and spoke effusively about his religion and gods role for him. something he would not do at another faith gathering.
between india and pakistan the dna is about 100% the same, the only thing that separates them and has caused them to kill each other for generations is religion, hindu vs muslim. think about that! embeddedurl
rt taylortoney11: i wish there was a religion course or seminar where we could explore others religions and beliefs
goldltc elitetrickery islamforever_10 hassanahmednayr winnieangel17 no contemporary primary source evidence apologists like to divert away from inconvenient facts about their own religion
lisasmi38025729 mal_dubois well said. the biggest threat to todays society is not religion but the camps ppl are in socially ideological. your one of the few i have seen posting how attrocious both acts were. shocking todays great evil is the same as always people's own actions. blaming islam is wrong
audaciousquest_ i pray to god inside the 4 walls of my home. i don't read scriptures of any kind & follow the philosophy in life as it teaches us. i feel all of us have to keep our religious beliefs within ourselves. the moment religion & worship comes out in open, it leads to trouble.
exstant2000 zhongliamv apppppowastaken abject groveling and self-humiliation are required for these people to even consider forgiving you. this is pre-moses religion. the kind with child sacrifices.
bookish_bullsht religion forbids using magic? my main mc is muslim most of my characters are and yeah i use ancient egypt myths about magic and all but magic is so related to islam that i don't know how to write about it without feeling guilty. do i make any sense embeddedurl
daddybishop5 cunaiiiiheeee organized or not, in most cases it has nothing to do with ego. you’re from the northeast so you’ve likely had a wildly different experience w religion than someone who’s left the church down south. you’re off here man, can’t stress that enough
shashitharoor there is competition in food, clothes, music industry, but not in selection of religion. let the scriptures of all religions allow conversion without punishment, let apostasy be no crime punishable by death, and only then. religiousfreedom
rt 28thraves: and a religion of light dealing darkness ben okri - a fire in my head 2021
embeddedurl true religion jet black flap-pocket straight-leg j embeddedurl
this case is specific of italy but salvini (surprise surprise) is a huge trump fan and what he says/does resonates with the use of religion by far-right actors also in other countries
jolly97089071 badgujjarritu meenakshy37373 sakshipaygude lovebunnymyeon jannat00443411 natashaagarwa19 laughter_3_5 prayanshi5 swarnaragput nehadogra_6 akshita88948213 tumhare andar ka jo humanity humne uss din dekh liya tha religion ko bich mai le aaye the tumlog tumlogo ne bhagwan ke naam mai kaise cruse diya tha sabne dekha tha khud lad nahi paaye bhagwan ki beech mai le aaye
rt bartmckinley: hitler came for guns first then religion. embeddedurl
ranabirsinha7 varu_911 indiatoday sardesairajdeep yea... sach karwa lagta hai na... it doesnt need to be hero admiration to pick a ghastly reality... beastly people with a beastly religion :)
featured bargain book 04/16/2021: ancient ways: the roots of religion by diane olsen embeddedurl embeddedurl
step you all make. so what is with the silo comment. and the do goodies comment...eh? i can write about religion, i can write about peace, honour, value, morals, and all the things i have been told to be by parents, by grandparents, by teachers, by friends,
glass_zealot the church (roman elites) created islam as another controlled opposition. a symbiotic relationship exists, whereby supporting the "enemy" ultimately supports itself. this overt support is not surprising after vatican ii, where a syncretic, one-world religion is being promoted.
rt richardjmurphy: the fascist appropriation of religion by the conservatives is clearly continuing.
"holy communion is the shortest and safest way to heaven." -st. pius x embeddedurl catholic catholicism católico katolik proudcatholic catholicchurch romancatholicchurch christian christianity holymass christ jesus jesuschrist religion religious embeddedurl
terrorist junta raided islamic religion compound by continuously firing gunshots just for protecting peaceful protesters in mdy. 1 was shot dead in the chest & 5 were forcibly abducted. freedom of speech apr15coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
a man in jerusalem who has worked for years as a rabbi has been accused of faking his religion to mask his true identity as a christian missionary from new jersey. + jerusalem conversion guardian embeddedurl
rokhanna biden must have made it very clear that he is talking to all americans of every color, culture , gender, religion, party, age , class. "everybody" wants and needs better work, home, family, safety, health & education. let "everyone" know you are for them!
when the christian-haters ate happy about biden’s easter message...you know there’s a problem. “thanks for the awesome easter message...not mention jesus, but pushing vaccines!” science is their religion.
franifio anakasparian let me guess, time will be set aside for you both talk about how you think "religion is stupid" so you can make religious progressive viewers feel bad about themselves.
mariorubiov lit mi religion
beingomotee so many things have happened in the past; way before gej; we condemned during gej and still do now; but your think these things doesn’t revolve around power and religion; that’s my point.
org_composition freedom of religion covers creed, legally speaking it can protect communists.
jigneshmevani80 i hope all dalit leaders work like this and work for the betterment of the society irrespective of their caste and religion. it is the only way to build bharat imagined by ambedkar
lucasdowling irishtimes 1. religion has no place in state education 2. this does not stop religious following, teaching or infringe on anyone's beliefs 3. state education and religion are separate things and should be treated as exactly that 4. you want keep religion enforced on people. 5. you're wrong
thespecialbka pentecostalism is the strange intersection between religion, performance and entertainment. seeing that our television screens are full of american imports i dare say australians will take to it.
rt riverrunsred44: when it comes to religion, it’s high time the believers start respecting the non-believers.
myanmar sac regime destroyed the monastery in tinma village. they used to say the coup is to maintain our religion and to protect buddhists. is this their way of maintenance? whatshappeninginmyanmar apr28coup embeddedurl
this essay picks up where shadihamid's previous one left off. if americans increasingly no longer have religion, and they no longer have national pride, then what exactly do you have left? embeddedurl
gypsyvampry bennyjohnson i’m the ignorant one? religion does not belong in politics. if religious beliefs are forced down our throats by politicians, it is likely people will start feeling like they have to convert to that religion. it is ridiculous that people are so up and arms over the word jesus.
abujubril dala_jrr borntorule26 lisa_rose5 realffk which part of the bible was edited... having revised versions for better understanding in a changing world isn't editing but modification, quran was written by a man, if u are ok with its laws fine, it doesn't make other religion inferior to yours,
dlaureate tekade47 unless you rescue with no known of intention to date, and be sure they have been rescued. it can be like switching religion cuz of a relationship, mostly not real switch until mission accomplished
bluemon29305262 shanebegan icemurph eamonryan recovairie its not even based around pseudo science. its just plain bonkers. wecanbezero is a cult religion. are cancer measles flu etc wecanbezero as well? nope. need to live safely with covid. reopenireland
d_pandeyg because new gen need some uniqueness and this also helps to make them realise that all religion are not same.
fastingforhumanity human service is the greatest religion and that will go with us. we have not brought anything and we will not take anything. this good deed should be made a part of routine. gurmeetramrahim derasachasauda embeddedurl
dondrap73291727 rashiddunempire lawyerinbaking iamrana neither i am accountable nor answerable to you. when i am saying i achieved whatever small in life based on science and logical reasoning, either you believe it or ignore. religion is a poison and i believe it, and i want to stay away from those who exploit it.
the new religion of covid embeddedurl
embeddedurl this is the ultimate guide to the ancient religion of wicca by best-selling pagan author, d. j. conway. wicca: the complete craft offers a comprehensive overview of wiccan philosophy embeddedurl
realmilli0n eae_africa this is the aspect where i am not too comfortable with mnk. his ideologies with the christian religion, followers of christ and the teaching of apostle paul is appalling., its enough reason for me not to support...
anachemson yeah .. the terrorists r manipulating religion as political psychological warfare in here! the junta’s slaves r also totally brainwashed to abuse other religious groups especially muslim !!
conservatives: lgbt: abortions: voting rights: healthcare: freedom of religion: freedom of speech: happiness: but: nazis: police brutality: unsafe working conditions: racism: wealth divide: lies: oppression:
stop that ur allah will judge, when they killing in name of so-called allah u don't know or ur allah don't know u were killing in his name? evil religion, generation & gods i know there are righteous one who by birth, association found themselves in islam; but god will save them embeddedurl
minhajs onlyonecreator1 rising over religion, muslims perform last rites of hindu covid victims in up embeddedurl via indiatoday
religion does not belong in politics.!! don't use your religion to justify your wants and needs on the political stage. your right is someone else's wrong.
haydenjoconnor hence the "separation between church & state" cults (aka "religion" ) have no place in either government or frankly society..
noconversion spread the word. show the true face of the religion. and this is reported in a newspaper called the hindu embeddedurl
terrorist junta raided islamic religion compound by continuously firing gunshots just for protecting peaceful protesters in mdy. 1 was shot dead in the chest & 5 were forcibly abducted. freedom of speech apr15coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
i got accepted into baylor and they straight up told me i had to take religion courses my freshman year like what?
sydusm and watch it with burning eyes, soaring temperatures and throat pains. they say more have died in the name of religion and the kumbh will surely immortalise this saying. foolish leaders and foolish people who continue to believe in them.
thatkylejohnson this is the first cabinet to reflect this much diversity. in terms of race, ethnicity, religion, and sexual orientation. and a huge difference in inclusion from the last administration especially
nickisharleys dc_connections this story isn't about any religion, hence "allegory"
bursongrace pdl749111 drchanequa so you admit that you support racism; a member of the "cloth". ah... you certainly didn't deny the claim what so called religion is this? i'm sure a bishop for the church would love to hear of this development. let's get you defrocked so you can get back to farming.
twittermoments sad that noone is talking on root cause of shortage and covid blast. all they know is to target the dignity. intruders from bangladesh, burma, afghanistan, africa & refugees who raised the population by 40% in the name of religion are the culprits. rest we have enough resources.
all putting a strain on our nhs! why aren’t first cousin marriages illegal here?! religion should not trump science of children’s health!!! matthancock borisjohnson conservatives embeddedurl
fahmisozan mosuleye they have no religion no heart no feelings.i pray for those family whose loss there loving one in this war.wmk
no cause these “i’m half muslim half christian” ppl who act like religion is a race are hilarious.
just spoils it when they try to make the most powerful advanced film life and technology without religion involved religion is everything and you can’t just take something from heaven and say i don’t need you god or religion sooooo disrespectful
religion is trying to prepare kings for heaven,and our education system is preparing us for hell.truth be told we need to be prepare for earth to fulfill the will of “truth” onearthasitisinheaven beginingofwisdom
bhatiacrish kunalkamra88 bhaai kabhi to religion se bahar aao...
pwatchug that's why rule of law is important. it ensures that every woman, man, boy or girl regardless of status, creed, religion, race is treated equally.
patrickielty your anger matches my own. i am from newcastle, co. down, but my adult kids, (born london, english dad, no religion) live in belfast with their families. to risk the gfa is to shake the foundations of our peace how dare they play politics with this we would all now vote for a ui.
france: teen gets death threats after defending islam critic - embeddedurl via shareaholic here we go again. the religion of peace.
muazismail7 turawaibrahim jenkinslovesu sadiqab71355713 saharareporters policeng ismail you are nt straight forward and not current, telling me no correlation in btw your elites and religion leader's , tell me among your elites that are not vast in knowledge of qur'an, even those so called religion leader's in the north are ruling us directly or indirectly
shonuffvette eykis cmclymer matbo2 llaws2 artfudd it's not about what color or race you are, or what religion one believes in ...the insurrection was made up of white supremacists, fascists, separatists, anarchists, & agitators of all kinds. they're all the same ...they're nothing! they make up the stench in america's cesspool!
andluzviminda govgianforte sbalist realcandaceo ingrahamangle tuckercarlson seanhannity so, you support all laws that oppress people with your religion?
religion and politics will forever be used to divide and conquer! smh
india suffers a 6.4 earthquake today, along with numerous aftershocks. thing is? it's in tezpur, assam again!!!! didn't i find that previously unknown religion there thru an earthquake!? with the "amphibian" leader-remember? what else is up there? anyway-- embeddedurl embeddedurl
my religion is taylor swift saying “wreck my plans”
"christianity, rooted in judaism and only understandable as having grown from this soil, represents the *counter-movement* to any morality of breeding, of pedigree, of privilege---it is the *anti-aryan* religion *par excellence*: ... embeddedurl
sarahvibert82 stop smearing the lgb alliance simply for not functioning within the same belief system/religion as you. wokeness is not the "social justice" it claims to be. embeddedurl
after all these years, after watching white evangelicals treat trump as a messiah, after watching the cultish devotion, it’s time to stop treating this like it’s just a religion and isn’t part of a much larger political project.
scds_1 but the "like it or not" tho as a christian myself i think that's sort of disrespectful to people who are atheists or have a different religion
lavern_spicer if you have to go to a building to be religious, you're not doing it right. if you have to do that while in a pandemic, knowing it could further the spread of a deadly virus, you not only bad at religion, but you're a bad person.
westham people abusing others on basis of race religion or gender are sad bastards. lets rid ourselves of orgs and gestures that are dividing us more than ever mow.
in the religion of the insecure i must be myself, respect my youth
_sayema jai siya ram terrorism has no religion but, donation has a religion. think twice ,freedom h toh kuchh bhi type karne ka ? didi
icekingstan literally i was like okay so this one planet has been occupied and enslaved for almost a century and then we have the wormhole and how theres aliens in it that exist on a whole other plain and are also this one planets religion and then we get to the space station
knock from a yr 6, “miss can i read the famous muslims book?” “yes i also have..” (as i pass them to her) her face lit up seeing books that represented herself, religion & culture. she then went to tell her teacher & class proudly! best moment to date! ramadan muslim embeddedurl
houndthelibs realchrisrufo we didn’t do any of that. you and i have as much experience of slavery as any other average american of any color — that is, no experience at all. i don’t know why y’all needed original sin when you made up your religion, except to copy christianity. at least we have forgiveness!
even crazier, it is wild to watch the same people trash organized religion while pledging allegiance to critical race theory. embeddedurl
swati_gs sanjeevsanskrit reallyswara ranaayyub khanumarfa request you to take the cause for woman sake atleast. pls don't see her caste and religion. we know u are good souls.
geertwilderspvv i don't know why you do all this? my suggestion is please take some time and study islam. i am dead sure you will confirm that there is no other religion beautiful than islam which gives a real and workable code to live a beautiful life here and thereafter may allah guide you embeddedurl
kcmayon gimbakakanda that's your tradition. we don't shield our people on the basis of religion, tribe or region.
ushanirmala parochialism ends when all parties concerned are assured of an equitable payback/response/share/justice etc. it is natural curiosity( unless taught by your religion) for humans to explore and understand others, otherwise. parochialism starts where equity disappears.
'allergic reaction to us religious right' fueling decline of religion, experts say - good for sociology: secularisation embeddedurl
trolling enemies with a muslim i'd is inviting abuse on our religion deen al islam, so i changed the strategy and made a liberal alt. now when they want to abuse, they'll abuse liberals . after trolling 'em, now they invite me to join rss. alag sukoon hai bhai
your mother, your siblings, your wife ,your husband. don’t place yourself in a position where you chose one over the other. they are all irreplaceable. we are culturally communal , don’t allow any religion to teach you otherwise.tuesdaymotivations sunday igboho chelsea ipob embeddedurl
while the soviet union may have frowned upon organized religion, worship of the country’s space program helped fill the void. read the strange story of the rise of cosmism. embeddedurl spaceage scifi embeddedurl
frankdelfinpupo lindsay_pace benshapiro do you understand the diference between protestantism and catholicism? stop trying to tell catholics how their religion should work.
alantudgemp religion needs to be kept separate from politics and our democracy. teaching values and communication should be taught in schools - not religion.
mycosmicmark richarddawkins sorry typo, 47 years. there are lots of great metaphors, and common sense advice there and in many philosophies. i have at least 3 awesome reasons to hate religion. i can make it brief for you.
vanonselenp janecaro it just highlights how flawed parts of the left are. they'll get apopleptic at the sight of discrimination against their chosen groups but they'll wilfully advocate discrimination on the basis of religion towards christian denominations.
frogpiss69 people reshape religion to fit their bigotry, religion is innocent from their actions.
religion arguments are retarded, believe in whatever the fuck you believe, nobody should give a shit also please do not try to force the ideas of ur religion to someone else, let them be i dont like what some individuals doing at all, dont harrass people abt religion (thread)
deepfikry dear mr chuung cheeyang. idgaf bout something that went viral. you mocked our religion. it’s all i care. so here i am. i’ll give you a head-to-head challenge. name a place/time, pick out your best men. i will be there. hint : people like me, made people like you, sleep at night
mrjayod skynews said the man tweeting from the hateful nation that pretend to be christians whilst they have hearts full of murder. but then again any religion that lets you be a cruel twat all week as long as you confess to the father at weekends is up there with the worst inventions of man.
recent news in religion and in science, side by side: embeddedurl
bolsaid toluogunlesi microsoftadc acegid u as a human do u have a data base in ur county..it's a pity religion has divided us..
emmyjewel clairlemon hitch didn’t mean just extremist religion. he meant all forms, as in, any religious interaction had a negative impact. remember, he acted as the ‘devil’s advocate’ to argue against the canonisation of mother teresa, in the hearing at the vatican.
petersbrooking dissentra hill_hillbill evlenz roger_xanth_day dfarb tominfrance iammardikins socialistdawn stephenold pickpear vandyke4ad rachel5742 ailsalaing maldensaboteur mayesey9r vja1999 colonelescargot flumps263 bleufrenchbird bearlykat jfritte lomquiche juliatanner a_d62 nicolajames007 gordoncraig11 davetenacious pixielation balis_nicky skiwithstyle1 bellabean2 mightmaggie meshgees simpkinsian iamfrogprincess j_g_fitzgerald cadachllestri envisaged justinbellinger 111meeuwis tonysloane10 firehorsep chriostoir_g antonblakeactor fraumeierinhh alibumd head4heights libdemedrhymist devonianmatthew and this was the 6 day week invented, and a major religion disappeared in a puff of meh
the world needs strength,so believing as humanity is a superior religion let's be each other's strength and fight the covid. covidawarenesscampaignbykyyfd covid19indiahelp fightagainstcorona embeddedurl
forcing your faith on others with help from the government is a violation of freedom of religion. embeddedurl
mr_segundus fizzywada msnbc yep there's no religion that requires you to attend services as a tenant of faith. the smooth on this one...
kibetclinton_ afyacentrecrew not always! when you have lazy people who don't want to read the bible or quran and understand the teachings, that's when you talk of religion being slavery! those who take keen interest in reading to understand the content cannot be fooled by con artists in the name of preachers
time grow-up above black & white. skill-set should never be considered based on nationality, religion, race, gender, language or color...
for what?! nothing. that's what. religion should not be forced down people throats. it should not be taught in schools. it should not be the outline to our laws. religion should be kept private. this person can keep her jesus and her viewers and stuff it. with peace and love
who was his supervisor? science = religion does it? embeddedurl
rt gpt2upaguy: religion with a big gay subtext
in this pandemic, i want to ask two questions. 1. plasma and blood donations : will you accept only from a caste or religion or will you accept from any donor ? 2. will you see the caste or religion of the doctors or accept any one?
ended religion embeddedurl
jkfecke religion membership is a key heuristic for andrew. ppl are sorted by a) their 23 & me data, b) their religion, c) their prep schools (if any), d) their oxford/cambridge/ivy degrees e) their college placement exams. it's like borges' chinese encyclopledia, but not funny. at all.
uncharted territory like ff has said clearly social media will help us define these extremes i can tell this agenda is not sitting well with an average muslim.. and i clearly understand why so many people wont make it about pantami.. they will make it about the religion
wnotgoback teapainusa it's one and the same. all organized religion is a cult!
tznkai like... there's something very suffocating about being told 'well you would prioritise these things if you weren't so vulnerable to social messaging' there's also social messaging, particularly from religion, about the 'beauty of suffering' etc
our final passover video reflection comes from eneskanter, nba athlete & human rights activist. click below to watch enes' inspiring reflections on freedom & why he remains committed to fighting for freedom of speech, press, and religion: embeddedurl embeddedurl
on religion: pandemic was an ‘acid test’ for giving in catholic parishes embeddedurl
rt cannibalveggiez: people who reject religion and instead worship politicians legit scare the shit out of me
maliktawheed1 iffambhatt religion is the best shield to hide the heinous acts. wake up from slumber, had this teacher followed the sunnah he would never had humiliated his pupil
uk census 2021: pf urges writing pagan as religion embeddedurl
if ur religion is making you a monster who is out on a killing spree then either you read the wrong book or u didn't read it at all. such muslims are misguided, mentally unstable ppl who would kill innocent ppl to satisfy their sadism. rememberingmashalkhan
questionablena5 sinscoshoptoday i have no idea what these “jewish features” are because jewish people aren’t like a race, it’s a religion.
drjameskent3 gibson33lynn the passing of any human being is sad . but ,yes he had wit , but he was also privileged and fortunate by birth, surely , in a democracy , he should have no more rights than me . i find it difficult to understand how the intelligent support monarchy and religion . illogical .
cpfqgc is my religion, i breathe and exhale cpfqgc. i eat for cpfqgc. i live for cpfqgc. i die for cpfqgc. embeddedurl
nothing wrong in removing structures which are illegally occupying public space. it's a secular country and as such, there is no place for dargaah in any religion. i would insist the govt. to remove all the road occupying temples, as well. no loudspeakers, irrespective of faith. embeddedurl
theamandagorman what do we live for, if not to make life less difficult for one another. in some parts of the world it's just not colour.. in india discrimination on caste, religion, colour, gender is prevalent. lower caste people can't even drink water from the same well.
this whole religion of a thing er, if we dey come put wana thinking to am, and really let our brains drift on that wave, problem go dey! big one.
stephanypanhuy1 religion is the world's oldest con-game :-(
rbreich religion says if you make a charity contribution the gates of heaven open up and allows you to enter. loopholes.
now playing: randall "big daddy" webster & professor joel c. johnson - that's my religion embeddedurl
_thegbolahan_ yes! there is insecurity in the north! and the north are suffering from it ...the problem is you southerners never show sympathy rather u try to attack the victims of this insecurities verbally by condemning their religion,their culture,their people
there's something inherently wrong with if you think this tweet or any of its variations is cool . this is mad disrespectful to an entire religion. embeddedurl
rt sips_nxumalo: thamimagongo capitalism and religion.
jemima_khan then he was pursuing d power. so he wanna show himself to b different..bt nw he got d power by marrying a pardanashin.nd like every politician,he doesn't want 2 lose power..he has more male voters den females...he can't lose his religion card nd clerics..they all feed each other
tim_cook whats wrong with indian people tho. they are just weird. as all the world knows racist and weird. why wouldnt you respect a religion. just bs.
jamesco42626777 jackposobiec mysticism belongs in the realm of religion, not politics. but has been transposed to politics, thus politics has become a religion.
cadetkb andrewlseidel how can they be pro "happy message" and anti-judas either? somehow they do not really understnad how their own religion must work, if they hate the one necessary to get jesus killed as god's long planned sacrifice, do they? and the ones "having killed him" (why not the romans?)
things that don't belong in a uterus: - men's opinions - religion - laws - misplaced moral outrage - misogynistic views on a woman's role in society
i love the hope that religion gives. things could literally be falling apart but you have that hope that someone somewhere is watching and taking care of you. in his presence, everyone forgets their problems and entrust it to him. mighty god.
serena_patriot people are turning away from religion because of education. exposure to different communities different viewpoints of the "facts," science has moved me away from organized religion.
ok. here's my rant. in my (limited) experience following religion trends in america, i see this a lot: religious group: "this national survey is flawed. you didn't ask x,y,z specific questions. we can't trust or publish this." same group: "no one studies us! argghh!" (1/x)
deletetrump9 edj635562 yes !! the 1st thing "tolerant" libs do; attack your religion. like i said in another tweet, our job gets easier everyday !! you make all of our points for us !! thanks !!
mullickkapil hindus also portray themselves as pure/ devout dharmic or religious until safeguarding own religion.
i just love this religion embeddedurl
technollogie takethatdarwin whhay tweettruth2me rkreb1 i will say it again: every failed evolutionist resorts to discussing religion.
i’m stuck in the middle. i’ve done a lot of research and have started to doubt christianity but still mentally stuck in the religion because i’ve been brought up in church since a little child and feel like god has done so much for me de montfort uni
matthewlait bob_ortega this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil chantaladasilva omarjadwat aayoub neal_katyal embeddedurl
saveralph this man shares disjointed thoughts on issues such as religion and homosexuality through video. please report the channel. do not allow this person. please share anywhere. embeddedurl
leonydusjohnson muslims are unpredictable.. jews are money grubbing backstabbers.. african religion is outright violent.. baptists are greedy.. catholics are drunk pedos.. hindus ?.. can't say nothing bad about buddhists.. that about covers it did i leave anybody out?
todungeonsdeep theprophit2 trad_revival sorry dude but the change to christianity was something that was bound to happen. when a religion becomes too old it's people believe less and less in it. so it either reforms or it's going to be replaced by a new one. our times right now are very similar to back then.
now that’s not to say that people shouldn’t convert and that recognizing these benefits that’s come from religion is a bad thing. it’s a good start on the path towards genuine belief and membership. this has occurred many people in the past - her sociologist frederic le play,...
religion ruins a good funeral
i 'ave to talk like a gentleman o' fortune now cause that be in me religion uh
i want to introduce you to my religion...bunny boys. embeddedurl
luciferlordluci nike lilnasx so true, he wasn’t even portraying satanism and if it was it didn’t have slander to any other religion
davidgriscom the left has rejected religion (understandably) but has replaced it with their own cultist ideology in the form of neo-liberalism they worship people who lie to them label those who disagree with them as “fasciitis” and shut down conversations they cant win like 90’s evangelicals
gcwench doonwestfilms roche_toni crashbampow it's like someone who ascribes to a fundamnetalist religion telling us we're going to hell and asking if "we're ok?" we aren't the ones who are embracing idiot ideology and attacking other people's rights on the basis of that ideology.
arrest all those 3.5m madarchods who attended the mela(incl. ministers) they're all super spreaders. i know how "important" this event is for our religion, i really do. but guess what separates the educated from the illiterates? knowing that the pandemic is not a joke.
why is it that a very small percentage of jehovah's witnesses in africa have aids than the majority of africans? bear in mind too that that small percentage of witnesses who have aids are those who converted to the religion. that is they got infected before they became witnesses.
monywa protest leader, ko wai moe naing was arrested today. sac needs to respect human rights by avoiding brutal acts and discrimination against religion. myanmar embeddedurl
_joe_tea i‘m pretty sure that is the quintessential idea my rs teacher countered us cynical god doubting teenagers in 1998 when we made the „why‘d god let evil happen“ point. this view on religion as a coping tool astonished me then. very well placed in lucifer.
we the people of tn will not support a party that uses religion to divide people & do injustice in the name of god. we shall not vote for a party that make our fellow people feel like second class citizens !! think and vote votefordmkalliance votefordmk
_lilyo_ they can’t speak out as an organization against another religion. however before the 2015 election some of their forefront members were agitating against buhari. they said they wanted a nationwide jihad. they sounded like conspiracy theorists tbh
terrorist junta raided islamic religion compound by continuously firing gunshots just for protecting peaceful protesters in mdy. 1 was shot dead in the chest & 5 were forcibly abducted. freedom of speech apr15coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
...such as: - melayu isle govt - bmf campaign (malakat mall) - mara digital mall - educators such as prof kangkung etc. ...should already tell u, is not wise the ppl who tell u to only see race/religion, don't do the same. bcos they know it's bs. think of them as middle-men..
sahilkapoor i bed to differ. in my opinion, religion, healthcare, nationalism, malls, shopping, entertainment... everything in life has a role to play. if you start cherry picking, then one day someone might ask why not malls to healthcare? why not ads budget be added to heealthcare?
savebyj there are 12 major religions in this world. it is estimated that there are 4200 total religions. every one of them thinks their religion is the correct one. i wonder how we got to that point?
mianawais8 was named that under a dictatorship, and again still a name that “stresses” upon the religion of that state
sleekysalt there is no such religion as sheikh. sheikh is an arabic word generally used to mean religious teacher. punjab is a state in india where the vast majority of people are sikhs. i think you meant that your friend is sikh.
upkartjm theskindoctor13 ani them and by the way even your father narendramodi isnt religion as what you perceive it to be ! your meaning of protecting hinduism is licking modi's boot and insulting congress muslims etc but mine doesn't ; now just scat and don't teach your half brained lesson on secularism!
i’ve learned most discuss their personal business like their diet , religion and finances to feel good about themselves and compare it to others. i’m to a point where i might consider only speaking on it to those who ask because people who assume expose their depth.
_fels1 i classify religion as the worst thing that happened to us it pussified us and made us lazy believing in favor and miracles you want something work you want better leaders to choose better leaders but saying shit like god's chosen one and praying for favor
joyannreid 1/thank you so much for this thread & for everything you do. imho there is a cruel paradox between what any religion seeks to do, foster compassion & altruistic behavior, & how they've been used to control people & for profit for millennia. i think the other part of the appalling
i’ve always said the mormon religion feels more like the plot of an anime than the basis for an entire groups beliefs embeddedurl
miza80120169 saif_breiki maxi3milian theboom92 yacine45521218 cartoonnetwork what is your religion? are you an athiest?
margotsaville bullshit... i hate how pollies hide behind the vale of religion to mask their ruthless egos so they can get a power trip!
michaelswinters this is the most profound question in christianity and religion as a whole. ratzinger's theology absolutely reflects this. god is for us in his revelation to us.
meteorologist sven sundgaard sues kare 11, claiming he was fired over his sexual orientation, religion embeddedurl
the freedom blog: god beyond religion: thought forms, and christian ... embeddedurl
aditya_thinker valeshlevin narendramodi you need to read and learn more before commenting on someone else's religion.
“islam is religion of peace. behead those who question our prophet” – muslim mob rallies in jammu embeddedurl
adishakti_nari bhakti_shringa disgusting brahmins & oppressor castes! caste terrorists using hindu religion to enslave sc sts ..... & raping & murdering sc sts to enforce caste hierarchy! embeddedurl
am proud of being a muslim and am not even ashamed of my religion harigihe ucakubanu wambaye ikanzu ukobona everyone arikukureba biri so wired but its all fine ntago tuzacika ingufu
shaunmichel11 faisaljavedkhan i admire your deep insight and curiosity for our religion effects on lifestyle and revolution in society. the big 'why' you seek will definitely be answerer and will lead you to correct destination.
rt aartithakurjha: politics and religion will not come to save you from corona. so stay inside and breakthechain
monywa’s protest leader, waimoenaing, was abducted today. unlike any other activist, he was charged with murder of two police which he never did. terrorists are using religion as psychological warfare. freedom of speech apr15coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
brother tarries in the city calling himself a descendant of false religion embeddedurl onebodyinyahawashi houstontx thetruth
mrsingh73670772 ajitanjum srinivasiyc anyone who is helping at this critical time regardless of party, religion or state needs out support. and if ajitanjum is asking then we don't need to think twice. do it please this is the least we can do to save someone's life
this is why i hate this bjp party always sees only their religion, their castes, their reputations not even bothered about others ?? what kind of humanity is this ?? are these type of parties should be in india ?? embeddedurl
someone's faith/ how they practice their religion has nothing to do with you. rape, spreading rumours and bullying are more greater sins than showing a lil skin.
religion extremism recruiting youngsters scheme in xinjiang. china uyghurgenocide uyghurs uyghurforcedlabour uyghur xinjiang nogenocide misinformation embeddedurl
o allah bring the muslims back to your religion in a beautiful return ( in repentance)
kws017013 austinred59 _cynde__ *stop trying to force religion into my beliefs* *i believe life begins at conception* do i have to repeat everything to you 5 seconds later? you using "zygote" as a shield to hide from the value of human life isn't an argument.
maluva81 zimlive aiwa izvo zvava pa running of school. hazvipindi kuhurumende izvo. pane zvakawanda zviri muconstitition zvino kuudzai kuti calendar ndere chikoro.for instance s60 allow religious people to open religious education institutions. every religion has way of doing things and calendars embeddedurl
terry_abiola le_stylo sulleymuntari_ the guy that went to mosque and killed hundreds of muslim in new zealand is a muslim as well right, terrorism has no religion stop pointing accusing fingers to only one religion
gloryofforthe mobilepunch 1. it’s not even an option to choose between religion or otherwise. there can never be an instance in this world where fg will propose shariah over democracy. 2. in my religion, every human should be treated equally/ based on his needs and that’s equity even if he is non muslim
i’m not sad tbh. religion made me sad cause i just always worried that i’d go to hell or someone i care about will go to hell. now i just understand that when i die, i die so i’ll just enjoy my time here till i can’t no more embeddedurl
when you decide to do an analogue of christianity to be the evil religion in your sff, but you neglect to include *the central element of christianity*, which is, you know, jesus, what you're actually suggesting is that jesus is the thing that redeems "abrahamic religion."
rt wakhan_: religious extremists inciting violence in the name of religion, the religion which is the epitome of peace and love.
factius i actually thought about your religion
tochukwu78 uchepokoye sorry to burst your bubbles, the only people at the receiving end of injustice are poor nigerians irrespective of tribe or religion. know this and know peace
7~ immthedimm says west (eu_commission nato) r not as close to their religion as pakistanis/muslims. he says he talked of islamophobia in oic_oci, un, etc. he spread hinduphobia and narendramodi phobia in un on 74unga 27 sep 2019. uscirf hrw usip whcongress pl note. embeddedurl
bit of a hot take in many circles but i think it's laughable how science and religion are pitted against each other like archnemeses when they do not necessarily contradict each other and can exist side by side. anyone who tells you otherwise has no understanding of either.
emersenlee lost two of my oldest friends bc politics. they wouldn't let it go, just one dumb d talking point after another. educated, successful guys but they got the (dem) religion now so apparently i'm an infidel.
aht aht forget it, its from true religion
and drkolpinskaya & stuarte5933 new book 'religion and euroscepticism in brexit britain' is out now! you can read about some of the research on ukandeu blog below, and get in touch with the authors for a discount to buy the book if you're interested! embeddedurl
malih66158037 humanrights1st anikaades camanpour repdarrensoto farnazfassihi symonedsanders ronaldklain alimayorkas ablinken markjhetfield housedemocrats senatedems thedemocrats mayer_brown jactioncenter nikosaliagas aliaemily thinklawlab blesjm1 vp ilhanmn this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) including iranians & yemenis who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates‌ niacouncil rashidatlaib debbialmontaser embeddedurl
i realize how lucky i am. i could so easily have learned to be afraid of diversity, too, believed the lie that my whiteness was better, been polluted by toxic religion enough to hate gay people, imagined that america was the totality of the world. embeddedurl
its muslims who are responsible for blasphemy in the world, ppl in the west r legit afraid of islam bcs this religion produced terrorist org in the name of jihad that killed ppl and played footballs with human heads, do some self accountability u will reach to the prblm. embeddedurl
faotaibi1 ravikundurthi spectatorindex wow thats not really halal bro you made fun of other peoples religion..
gtconway3d with these people it’s their way or the highway. when the constitution was written us population was 4 million. they eagerly invited immigrants. they never said “no poc and only christians”. in fact they said freedom from persecution for religion, not just christianity.
hire us for essay and exams help reflection paper hw due research paper math chem essay due paper write english paper pay someone help paper case study essaypay do my homework online class religion book review assignment chemistry history econometrics dm us;
charan_neogi imviiru mayank_shady_ shobhabjp incindia narendramodi amitshah jpnadda rajput_ramesh sunil_deodhar sureshnakhua amritabhinder tvmohandaspai davidfrawleyved arunsinghbjp this is the same religion who abolished sati pratha,child marriage ,widow marriage .in hindu it is also wrriten change is life nothing is permanent so keep changing with time
rekha is wife of sarfaraz. she changed her name & religion for nikah with him but is fighting a up panchayat seat reserved for hindu dalit women. a look at the poster is enough to know who will really end up with power if she wins. she is a congress-backed candidate upgovt embeddedurl
framcca absolutely. the anomalies exist too. the football/religion question is represented, privately.
etvpod it may not be a religion, but it certainly tries its best to look like one.
religion gives you inner peace but science saves life. never forget that.
the main reason kosovo deserves to be an independent nation is because human rights come first. "culture", "history", and "religion" are not valid arguments embeddedurl
ngh2017 omarjadwat jb_cox adc aclu this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017to2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust religion p.p9645 muslimban dv2017 dv2018 dv2019 dv2020 africanban please support us aclu nilc muslimadvocates embeddedurl
adults will literally try to fool & out smart you bc you’re a child.... & i blame religion
asadowaisi so why didn't you stop akbaruddin owaisi from commenting filth on hindu gods few yers ago. does secularism only mean commenting on one religion when people following all other religion are also intolerant ?
morris_monye the quran dictates repeatedly that its followers must convert you to islam or kill you if you refuse to convert. much of the quran speaks not about religion but only about how one must submit; it commands how one must live, dress, treat women and slaves, and practice jihad.
wouldn’t it be wonderful if we could all be agnostic towards religion?...there would be no reason for fighting and rioting then..oh wait it has nothing to do with religion embeddedurl
mesa que anda is my new religion embeddedurl
if religion was something good the western invaders wouldn't have brought it to us - actor ugezu ugezu embeddedurl
chortling_man rossgilroy globalist13903 pray2pesci willsworldview key3skeleton robertbrowniej8 bearschoice2020 imkimaaron zypisfy andrewrchapman secularsandwich cern_lxxl velveteven smug2bme jordanbassior tertiusiv wolfpak561 cleisthenes5 ralph_maglio venatorgaming9 jools6691 savag3ap3 johnkrahn2 discojerrys brianslimdog77 hp19763 oohglobbits5 thecatheist jea_jordan splintersimba davidveillon5 phoenix42505497 markthorsby1 alan244g technogauntlet jd_and_coke_1 davestewart4444 tris_stock orna_verum simples18790446 bobfish1973 zapher134 randolf828 th1rt3en_tm praisehisname50 narratingfools billreagan16 godflythe in other words: you're trying to lose your mind. no, you're probably done already. and now, all that you've left to do with your lost mind is: try to make everybody else lose their mind, too. religion. not even once.
shouldn’t title vii of the civil rights act protect against critical race theory and the religion of “wokeness?” embeddedurl
if ben shapiro benshapiro is such an atheist as rickygervais then why do both, when they want, honor law1ofgod to keep their own safety? that law is not about religion or lack of, but character. mel gibson “the jews” did not kill jesus; nazis; nwo embeddedurl embeddedurl
tlp is once again causing havoc in different parts of the country. blocking roads, damaging public property and whatnot, all at the expense of religion. but when women peacefully march on roads to demand basic rights, you issue warnings, threats and firs against them. embeddedurl
wdgtyler belovedopeboy jumbhinoo ynusyldz03 theshagger3 they all have their own flavor, their own variety of deception. everyone being a works based religion other than biblical christianity. none of them offer assurance of your position in christ. whether they are front loading or back loading works religion all damn you to hell.
torquetargetted bharadwajspeaks i never believed in any religion. so stop talking like fuckin nonsense okay. every religion is right when they established. our moron ancestors make them wrong. hope you got it.
the junta has also insulted religion. apr14coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
goziconc like jni can never hold a meeting to plan the killing of anyone or the commission of crimes. “islam is a religion of peace. those circulating this falsehood are clearly committed to sparking crisis and violence in nigeria. government should fish them out and bring them to book.
terrorist junta raided islamic religion compound by continuously firing gunshots just for protecting peaceful protesters in mdy. 1 was shot dead in the chest & 5 were forcibly abducted. freedom of speech apr15coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
adechapmanlaw thejeremyvine in your opinion. you don't get to ban religion, it's not gone that far here, yet. if it's not for you it's not for you, but you don't get to be the brain police.
taliban continue to kill people during holy month of ramazan. religion is a mask for them. a dark spot on their conscience. embeddedurl
rt freespiritedy: _fels1 religion should be scrapped off the curriculum. let the pupils learn the art of free thinking
_alphalady iambawzcartel letter_to_jack smithie___ it's my religion..
i_am_ur_mirror syedbil62264011 khanumarfa well there is a difference between downgrading and remembering history. downgrading means spreading terror in the name of religion. we were victim of religious precautions for 1300 years, our templates were distrusted and were occupied. we need to learn from our previous mistakes
hyunsjunhur we have enough ppl, we can now start a religion skdjssk we need to keep teasing him then maybe he'll finally press the golden button :d he must be laughing there rn coz of this
bharat_learnaca causing offence =free speech. and causing offence to all organised religion= excellent speech
onthisday, johnson signed the civil rights act of 1968, which prohibited discrimination concerning the sale, rental, and financing of housing based on race, religion, national origin. civilrights votingrights resources: johnson library: embeddedurl embeddedurl
pxwhittle ap we greencard lottery winners(2017-2020) were selected and invited by u.s gov, but all refused just because of our nationality ( iranians) & religion... it's unfair & against human right please give another chance muslimban potus vp embeddedurl
rt buddha2019: religion based politics will always elect an incompetent leader.
yourdaddydort kutt21 ninjabands domenicoscotto6 i’m a full christian, its not because of religion, as a christian you are supposed to love everyone and support everyone. blindly hating someone because they are gay isn’t right
newfiecheung edthesock alyankovic that blew my mind. it was so unexpected. i still vivdly remember him yelling over the rem losing my religion video.
unclepamilerin we wey they practice the two religion nko?mumsy christian, popsy muslim
cow__momma religion lens...but unfortunately.....came from....another religious..world religiousfreedom religiouslife embeddedurl
"on the fifth anniversary of prince’s death, take a look back at the creation of controversy, an album that highlighted topics such as gun control, segregation, war, religion, and sex." -- iamchriswms embeddedurl
creatortiamat johnkrahn2 pray2pesci strokeystratfo1 phoenix42505497 secularsandwich zypisfy wolfpak561 chortling_man cern_lxxl tertiusiv globalist13903 janetb172 willsworldview cassini45511893 imkimaaron bearschoice2020 zapher134 velveteven idosciencestuf1 narratingfools jools6691 smug2bme gregorywhitta13 time_outdoors jordanbassior denythemyouress andrewrchapman altradioghosts cleisthenes5 godflythe benmayhew13 robertbrowniej8 discojerrys brianslimdog77 jerryhelton14 ralph_maglio venatorgaming9 savag3ap3 hp19763 oohglobbits5 thecatheist jea_jordan splintersimba davidveillon5 markthorsby1 alan244g technogauntlet jd_and_coke_1 davestewart4444 just play with him. he's harmless. there is a lot of space between religion and reality now.
opinionated75 kawhileonardsb1 darktionary benshapiro there’s a difference between settled science, disputed science, and outright agenda-driven climate alarmism. in the minds of the climate-alarmists, it’s not even settled science, it’s religion.
cyclowarrior seh20203 sexieyes1965 knuttjob idonotconsent6 they only masquerade as jewish. their real religion is embeddedurl
patriottakes because religion is bullshit.
rt _fels1: nickqaranja islam is the religion of peace
how does the catholic church view protestant baptisms? chris moreland is a religion professor at the university of north carolina wilmington and a lifelong catholic. he explains his beliefs as a prelude to tomorrow's full episode! church unity podcast embeddedurl
rohitra73612924 atulkum42569084 bengoldsmith dear grow up hate will not allow you to see beyond your nose no human being is bad all of us from indian origin have same roots you can be superior to chohan rajputs religion does not change the caste boy
mythology (from whence arises all religion) may help us with philosophical questions, but it ought never be taken literally. really, really wanting the resurrection myth to be true does not make it so. the great news is that you do not need a savior; you can save yourself.
theanglican irishtimes firstly, what is this “state education” you speak of. schools educate, and the state may fund schools as part of the common good. its an objectively false statement to claim that religion has no part in c21st education- every developed, liberal country has faith schools.
mannukxo terajits that’s good. from sikhi, the only way is down regardless of what religion is out there. guru nanak travelled to religious institutes and challenged everyone. in guru granth sahib ji, you will learn what and how he challenged others. he did the hard work for us
/u/flgsrockon posted: if it was illegal to mention religion on anyone under 18 would any religions still exist? imagine w … embeddedurl
mum_positive ranaayyub if you really want to help hindus. help them no you cant you can only see religion of people instead of seeing them as human you are a goberzombie modimadedisaster embeddedurl
lakmittal iam to be honest,u r philanthropist,raising voice to suffering.iam founder sun religion charitable trust as serve to mankind is serve to god if u kindly donate god bless u it helpful to poor,state bank of india,a/c:39189682080,ifsc:sbin0006242,mobile:9791605346
doraehan st4yracha i definitely think it’s important to remember how religion plays into the vote and how unexpected the stage was for those that aren’t stay. having demon imagery causes a lot of controversy from religious people, and they weren’t expecting smooth vocals.
adamj_griff kayleighmcenany cram religion? you’re a fool! you liberal socialists think you know everything. be glad i’m not the one to judge you when you die, which you will. if i were you i’d give that some thought. if you’re wrong and religion should come first, you’ll never see mom and dad again.
officialjkhan ceilingfan_xx don't talk nonsense. you can prove your point here by bringing facts. religion is not a card to be used, it is the only card that should be used. can you even tell me what their moto is? and why is it wrong?
mrspineapple3 nogoodraccoon gregorykhall1 mtgreenee no friend, you just can't say bullshit on twitter with nothing to back it and expect people are going to listen to you because you think it's true. dude's claiming that democrats are rewriting history and religion. get a grip.
twtrrr dodona777 they all borrowd from each othr,hence common themes.some less tolerant givn developmentl stage of society from which they sprung.all employd supernatural themes to qualify as ‘religion’.(most subjugate women) historiclly,bcame entitld to privilgs incl tax evasn! timetogrowup
mehtahansal why are people acting stupid? let that be any religion. use ur brains people stay home. is it necessary to go to religious places now?
luciewestenra irishmaoist madmarx__ irish_left *british voice* if you’re referring to northen ireland, i frankly don’t give a toss. half of those want to be part of the uk and half don’t, and it’s religion and it’s frankly not worth talking about with me as i’m not interested.
i need people that talk about personal beliefs, theories, religion & outer space. please don’t talk to me about other people & drama
patriottakes beside, "atheism" isn't s religion. fun not fun how these people are completely confused about everything
ayosogunro why do you guys always use "comprehension" as defence after making ambiguous statements? ok. since ethnicity and religion are the issues, let me narrow it down: "did you take a break from your activities to grieve abba kyari or tony momoh?"
daniels4197 sahilkapur that’s stupid at best. is baseball entities to rotectiom under the constitution like religion? do u know why the freedom of religion is in the 1st amendment? have you ever heard that the power to tax gives the power to destroy? obviously no to all. education is important.
kujurbipin72gm1 proudandhbhakth babjuji aleemsheikh312 u look like a bangladeshi. dont be shy to follow ur religion, be open abt it, don't be scared
too many phds walking around these days. need to stop giving them out. you should not be able to be a “doctor” in religion or geese or whatever
jeffphilips1 people don't hate islam or muslims, people hate terrorists. except you are saying the 2 go together... so this statement is dead on arrival. a murderer is a murderer, it has nothing to do with any religion.
conceptualjames new woke religion & disease & systemic reform aka change aka progress
im glad i took a lot of indigenous-focused classes for my enviro undergrad tbh they were the only courses that ever felt meaningful my entire time in uni . ok and celtic mythology and celtic folklore were very spiritually great and religion & environmentalism was also good
ah! bro, you and i know it doesn't define the religion. but that's what the people my tweet was targetted to, have made the world believe it to be. you barb me now? embeddedurl
em__stol llyth_ how can i join this religion
becoz they occupying a government position based on religion, do not ever expect creativity & innovation in government, all static, religion is all static not educated to have creativity and there is no need to be innovative becoz it is irrelevant to religion
scott morrisons mounting failures are proof that religion and state should never be mixed. his pentecostal beliefs are endangering australians and australia.
neiltyson yet, disappointing that it’s become the new religion.
religion is opposing their agenda... needs to be destroyed asap. embeddedurl
noah_eye yes. some people are fuckwits and can't handle a healthy relationship with religion.
btr celo bio, age, boyfriend, device, religion, net worth, pubg id, height and more embeddedurl
dear joebiden potus, so these amendments are not absolute? 1. speech, religion, petition, and assembly? you covered speech - wrongly, check your case history, but so it is ok to sometimes restrict religion? lets ask the jews how that worked out? muslims? tibetan buddhists?
rbmum christinaa005 evoyage mahuamoitra ecisveep is it wrong to defend something of own religion? i am defending because it's important event and gov has allowed it, so it's not right to abuse devotees and kumbh.
should i post political stuff on this account? or branch it off and make one dedicated to politics/religion and leave this for sex/relationships/dating? i feel they’re so heavily intertwined that politics & religion will come up regardless.
i'm live with michael butter for apocalypse pending: religion, politics, and social media embeddedurl
dramsinghvi unlike some, hindus have no problem finding fault with their own religion. so try this guilt tripping somewhere else introspectthis
laurmcilwrick further, there are certain opinions on race, sexuality and religion based on prejudice. they are often discriminatory and they must be contradicted as if no one opposes them we are maintaining the idea that hate/violence is acceptable against certain people 2/3
rt cursedmodernism: you cant be a bigot against a mormon because mormonism isn't a real religion embeddedurl
kutv2news people need to understand criminal behavior is criminal behavior regardless of nationality, creed, religion, gender/sex and even age. it is the parents responsibility to raise children healthy happy citizens.
zakawaqar shafqat_mahmood imrankhanpti techmovementpak hey waqar please do some thing embeddedurl plz report this disrespect account . remember prophet muhammad (peace be upon him) lives in our heart and we cannot bear this evil act. stay away and respect the humanity and religion.
obusybody ewoodhouse7 i suppose when slate "reports" on something it is straight from the progressive bible. the same that brought us outdoor masking in the first place. maybe their religion is kinda like mormonism, where prophets can hear new revelations that then become doctrine?
okay so in india mocking hinduism is okay , but saying anything regarding other religion is disrespectful . this isn't comedy this is somehow inciting communalism !!! stop defaming hinduism just to entertain money !!! surleenkaur kunalkamra hinduphobia_in_india embeddedurl
stlllwithy0u i remember someone said that “if most religions have their own god and no god but theirs is real, then somebody lying” and this really proves there’s really no logical reason but a faith reason behind religion
full house today at hunger has no religion so many people in need it breaks my heart everyday if u can support us this is our fundraiser thank u -embeddedurl embeddedurl
ftijjani_ garshehu do you even understand how sensitive this whole issue? it's "terrorism" and the world frown and fights it with every last blood. for once, set religion and ethnicity aside and speak truth to power.
davis_sinceday1 dereksloancpc thank you! jesus was not crusified! they lied to you! dig into the whole thing. it was a satanic ritual! god would not want you to drink the blood of another, that is cannibalism they have twisted it all. religion is a lie!
it would be naive to say the present situation as civilwarinpakistan rather it is an armedrebellion in which echelons are defecting to take sides on the basis of their religion that utterly supports fanaticism, bigotry & opposes every kind of sanity, reasoning.
govsisolak nevada_ona as this manufactured crisis has evolved, so has your goal post moving drivel. we didn't believe you a year ago, we don't believe you now, we will despise you until your last breath and then beyond that. you and your religion are evil, stop forcing it on us commoners. embeddedurl
suhasinih what has volunteering got to do with religion?
i am very snooty when it comes to reading fantasy and how they approach the mythology/religion/folklore in their text (the paratext). if they do it wrong or cheap or lazy, that's it. verboten! to the used bookstore you go, to hopefully get a better book.
iam_akinnn 1. not everyone believes in your fantasy of a religion . 2. abortion is a preventative measure to prevent child birth 3.if they are babies ,why aren’t mothers who miscarry get a life insurance ,why aren’t they considered babies by the government and given human rights
people who grew up secular chastising others who were raised in very religious households for expressing general resentment toward religion always rubs me the wrong way.
logged back in because miya uploaded a fucking asap cover and i think this is my new religion now embeddedurl
new tumblr post: "cfp: about time: temporality in american art and visual culture" embeddedurl cfp, callforpapers, religion, religiousstudies, acrel
iamdraculamusic yes! i'm not muslim, but i do it out of interest and out of complete respect for religion. so many muslim people live here in my country and they also have to adapt to us. so i do it because i accept it, i'm interested in getting to know other religions and so on. :folded_hands_medium-light_skin_tone:
we'll be running a series of online seminars from april first up will be johnhshaver at 16:00est, tuesday 27 april, introducing our project "the evolutionary dynamics of religion, family size and child success" all welcome! embeddedurl
islam is the most tolerant and peaceful religion however we seem to have forgotten that. discover pakistan’s program ‘discoverislam’ is here to make people remember the true essence of islam. discoverislam watch_discoverpakistantv visitpakistan sabsepyarapakistan embeddedurl
"many americans are turned off by the divisiveness, so they're leaving religion," writes asmauddinesq, citing gallup's newest report showing a 23-point drop in religious membership since 1999, and an increase in "nones" in that same time from 8% to 21%. embeddedurl
these religion memes are hilarious af !
the secret gospel of mark is a story of repressed sexuality, shame, alcoholism, aids, broken family ties, and of perpetual search for meaning. it’s a story of a life falling apart, often held together only by the redeeming power of poetry, reece’s second religion. 7storiespress embeddedurl
all this 'muslims are this...muslims are that...' you are saying online... kindly tell me and act same offline with me. if you have this amount of bile about my religion, do the needful offline cuz i am a muslim and i will continue to be one...bi idhnillah! stop the hypocrisy!
thehill that’s not fair, freedom of religion is under attack!!!
thephero2 the religion is mostly our problem church is an elian too we igbos should trace back our root
kasimlun kyrieirving how you the 1 true god and your religion has a date. elijah mahahmad himself only started islam after the isrealites didn’t accept him but hey do your thing. time gone tell
religious fervor isn’t isolated to religion. the moment you realize this is the moment the wool is peeled back from your eyes.
now don't get me wrong, we can reinterpret culture to bring it in line with religion if so desired, but to pass off those modern reinterpretations as maksud sebenar and justification for the monarchy? that's just dishonest
rt _sadetho: you must have individuality within the community tho, otherwise it will become a cult or a religion.
reports and claims of compulsory sterilisation, physical and sexual abuse, repression of religion and the destruction of religious buildings and an unending stream of state sponsored propaganda/”re-education.’ support this vulnerable community in exile. embeddedurl embeddedurl
sheabuttashabaz okay, so why did you choose christ? & what experience did you have to make you feel as if that’s the only way to go? also, do you feel as if you have to be a christian to get the full powerful experience or can people just simply follow god without choosing a specific religion ?
grantstern davidmweissman he supports and respects everyone of all nations, creed, colour, sexuality and religion.
i'm out here dedicating myself to a new religion when i should be finishing that piece that i started making because of finaispace akfakfakgs
do you agree that all jews have rights to live in their historic homeland in israel. this right has nothing to do with their skin color, hair color, or where they came from after exile. we are all one people bound by shared religion and historical ties to the land? israel jews
so this judge is our future chief justice who openly question someone's religion. how can he go this far? thanks sj for exposing this low character judge. more power to u. be blessed staystrongsiddiquejan
monywa’s protest leader, waimoenaing, was abducted today. unlike any other activist, he was charged with murder of two police which he never did. terrorists are using religion as psychological warfare. freedom of speech apr15coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
who wants to join me and pukeraisins new religion!! we only need one more to make it offical!!!! embeddedurl
imran khan discussing obscenity is hypocritical. all his life,he has talked about religion & been indulged in obscenity according to his own definition. if he thinks that rape is a result of not covering up,then why didn't jemima observe it & why do his children live with her? embeddedurl
zoo_bear architmeta big win for our forces: all terror!sts who were holed up in a local mosque killed in today's shopian & tral €ncounter. ansar ghazwat-ul-hind (aguh) chief also killed. indianarmy once again showed that they have no religion by saving the mosque during the encounter. embeddedurl
whippednoona i've heard buffalo and moose are delicious, would see if my religion allows it.
hispbron20 they just don't wanna worship a jewish god which is dumb because if he was jewish then how come christianity exists? every christian would be jewish if that were the case. jesus is the antithesis of judaism. jews/judaism is a religion not a race & one that christ didnt adhere to.
a mosque in india has been converted into a temporary hospital humanity ix the biggest religion pakistanstandwithindia embeddedurl
it’s one visible sign of religion and doesn’t mean you’re automatically more religious. i know plenty of hijabis who don’t pray and non hijabis who do. it’s such a disingenuous argument. embeddedurl
excited to say im moving to nyc this fall to go to columbia university and keep studying religion and other stuff :d &lt;33333
moi22429563 lilithuntamed paytriot21 yfnatheist i wasn’t hurt by religion. i educated my way out of it. the bible outlines how to own people. you can’t just ignore what you don’t like. you can come up with your own thing though.
applesaucemagic iiliopolis leondelamp1 lilnasx except for that pesky first amendment forbidding the creation of laws respecting or prohibiting any establishment of religion
the prophet (saw) said, "none of you will have faith till he loves me more than his father, his children and all mankind." [sahih bukhari, hadith 15] islam__religion_of__ethics embeddedurl
rgg is my religion now
bbcr4today more football. and religion. the bbc has become a joke. hope we get rigorous reportage about crucial current issues today.
oghenekelv relationship with god and religion are not the same. someone could go to church every sunday because a religion and still not know god. god is looking for what’s in your heart, not what church you go to or rituals you participate in. it’s a relationship with god, not religion.
elhassanveran mazigburugburu1 let’s disregard all the accusations for a minute. blind support,cronyism,nepotism,geopolitics,favoritism of clans,religion are reasons panti is minister in the first place. if being a blind supporter like yourself doesn’t convince you of ur stupidity,then you might die stupid
if anyone of you think tlp or anyone supporting them is causing this riot cuz they love religion then i seriously doubt your own love for your religion.
rt parneet345: people and humanity above religion farmersprotest embeddedurl
pentsirrr ybsnroh culture and religion are tools yes - but that does not mean that people who use them are immune from their teachings. many people are against queerness because the bible tells them so. people use their religion and culture as moral guides. you can't deny that
'a religion that calls people away from western modernity will have to say, with credibility, “take up your cross and follow me,” not “come with us, and we’ll own the libs.” one can do the latter on youtube and one needn’t even give up a sunday morning.' embeddedurl
my trumper friend hates gays ..a woman who claims serious religious virtue....she has many other republican contradictions that offend christianity....so religion to r’s is only a personal salvation & not a lifestyle...now that will stop their entry into heaven..if it exists. embeddedurl
english , religion and history i vote louies for bestfanarmy at the iheartawards embeddedurl
it's normal for nigerians to blackmail you with religion and begging when someone do something wrong to you. soon, princess might forgive him and all might go down. but in a saner climate, this should be a case between the government (the kid) and the criminal (baba ijesha).
jingle__belle if you believe that your religion is the one true way and non-believers are going to suffer eternal torment, it might cross your mind why others have a different religion. i thought a lot about this in my youth
aylmerpastor jamesdej wrpstoday religion is bad. fundamentalist churches are the worst
“it’s not a religion. it’s a relationship.”
most of the institution is immune to the virus, and still we are barred from our families, from religion, from any token rehabilitative programming.
religion is fuckin evil!!!!!!!!!! embeddedurl
ogbenidipo are there books you want to read but you can’t get ? i could get them for you in pdf format at a very cheap price,personal development books, religion, finance/business,science fiction,love,history and others. i will get them for you within minutes and you pay me just a token.
funder they are disgusting. being suppressed by religion will also bring out the crazies. the definition of sin also varies with them. evagelicals forgive more than catholics who keep your secrets. it all makes me sick.
sharmav59561154 reallyswara do even yahudi knows about this soo called orange sanghis,, supporting israel at lest whats their view on your religion woh toh ptaa karlete?
here's where my plan to shut down all colleges indefinitely really shines. and, yes, hillsdale, uchicago, and yunews can still apply for waivers. these lawsuits reveal the left's goal to banish religion altogether embeddedurl
hire us to do your; history biology geography accounting english engineering midterm calculus math dissertations statistics macroeconomics religion psychology math discussions programming book review proposals business powerpoint chemistry dm us at proessaywriter5.
how can we forget the inhumane act of imprisoning a society as a whole by criminals by painting religion as an infection ??? kumbhmela kumbhmela embeddedurl
rt dimpc2: there’s literally no point in arguing about religion. that’s one of the things i let be
championoftrut1 b_green1987 mrandyngo ohiostate can you bring me the numbers for black americans? let's see how it does. let's see how it does in crime rate. if we keep on thinking about dividing the country by race, religion, sexual orientation, gender, etc....you will be screwed before you even know it.
sourpatchlyds i mean you say that but in the early 2000's we had creationism in schools. there were times where religion tried to pick a fight with science and vice versa but religion and science dont have to be opposed.
got my knees on the floor, please lord forgive him has he lost his religion, is the greed gon' get him? he's having heaven on earth, will his wings still fit him?
jisungatron apologises i need from you for falsely accusations and using a religion to spread hate. - the tweet above.
ap reason 6468435287 why organized religion is just terrible... 7 deadly sins embodied.
matauryn once after i discovered the story of jesus was a retelling of stories of 10 diff gods whom predated him by hundreds of years, i began to see religion in a completely diff perspective & lead me to become a pagan, as well as, spiritual.
a 76yr old person refused to take treatment in a hospital, because the doctor's religion is "muslim". how cute you know? how much hatred injected into the people's mind? narendramodi blsanthosh tejasvi_surya sumanthraman rkradhakrishn rajakumaari tr_gayathri embeddedurl
gerhardstuebben stephenditrolio it was a fun time for me. grateful to have been invited and to see another great cohort at baylor religion.
moots i'm sorry to bother yall but can you please drop your religion if comfy? /gen /srs
_abdoolr baker_ebaker waspapping_ mumu be tagging religion to everything, so because he is a muslim (bihari) no body should say his shortcomings abi, his negligence has cost lives and families and you are here talking about "brother in religion". go to school you will not
bastokyg softuch25 yes. it's been this way all through history. using religion for their own ends. it was always funny to me that their gawd always had the same biases & hatreds that they did. amazing.
bbcnewsnight pavan_sethi gopalkagarwal what’s a bjp leader’s worst nightmare? imagining a world without religion
no matter what religion we are,the only thing we want is democracy. whatshappeninginmyanmar apr25coup embeddedurl
gregliberal ioannisioannou9 religion was seen as a threat for national state formation therefore muslim greeks and turkish christians have been exchanged with some exemptions
yes but i do love hearing about all the different religions and takes on religion. i don’t agree with everything that the bible has to say, and my religion isn’t the biggest part of who i am, but it does bring me comfort, esp. with the stories of certain saints and the archangels embeddedurl
no. never. "rollupyoursleeves," you do you. don't force your "religion." on/in others.
collin__15 supercocopuffs yungxrist797 scottmgreer spain didn't send it's "best christians" because they had territorial issues w/ other nations after the battle of granada. they sent mercenaries, many of which were moor or jew....they just had to be crypto with the religion.
no religion.. i was getting saved by the glock 9.
a new fire to the civil war .. the government has made a very good decision by banning them they are only rioting in the name of religion civilwarinpakistan tlp_terrorist ttpsupportstlp embeddedurl
perhaps religion doesn't have to die for scientific advancement at pace necessary to save earth (global warming), but the belief in, and the societal effects of, religion must be severely restricted.
dakujem_yall they have invaded some members of our family. all the rumors are true . why can't we just all call religion cults and just move forward . spiritual good , religious bad . that's my take . and i live by only my takes and i'm impossible to convince otherwise
r_confidential bogbadamosi euphoria365 yarkafanchan obajaiyeoba prophet mohammed was understandably a terrorist who fought jihads in the name of religion. pls prove me wrong.
mariusturda muhammad qasim has seen prophet muhammad saw in grief and despair over the state of muslims and his religion, islam. qasim has seen divine dreams for over 43 years and his dreams have many warnings for the time to come. more at embeddedurl embeddedurl
ngoud keralatourism definitely there is more than it. if it were like you said there wouldn't be any changes in power since there is no drastic changes in population. religion has some role but i think majority don't vote solely based on religion or caste.
spark898 tcburkejr moses did not know jesus by name in his time on earth, sure. but he and elijah were permitted to see him at his transfiguration because christ was the sum of all of their hopes, all of their religion, all of their jewishness. moses is a christian to this day.
terrorist junta raided islamic religion compound by continuously firing gunshots just for protecting peaceful protesters in mdy. 1 was shot dead in the chest & 5 were forcibly abducted. freedom of speech apr15coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
leanneaf robmcallen9565 blairbrown splintersimba ghalloglaigh michellmybell1 sallyforthe geraldpayne25 _pathema patricktheb overseer_ thinkytexan sharperbeing kevgren1 maddestpacifist ah_science cern_lxxl wpcguy tcunderdahl daccampofamily justsayingwhat1 scientiapercept sspence64 m0sstr00per rtheatheist thebenpatrick bryekno garym9999 godlessdivabich capitalcashco js100js100 spottedbeetle mockacuckoo haircutspock alan244g capt_scorch nahdya777 thetariqm pauldubuisson davidveillon5 beastcoaster91 spikeinthemidge naturalbatheist bhaastsd michellenewday legendzane dadebiluno dabauz mpeace2017 actually they just hold that you don’t get any rights that anyone else does. government acknowledgement of a “religion” is for checking a box, not for definitive purposes.
angry_staffer people like to claim a religion in order to condone their hatred. 1john4:20.
you are not sitable hot post of judge the way you have concealed your unexplained wealth and harassed a respectable journalist asking for his religion .. resignqazifaezisa staystrongsiddiquejan
you people want a caliphate so bad. okay let's break the country and do with your region as you please you said no lmaoo. religion of peace my ass.
stevenbhawkins chebelbeauty jackposobiec religion has nothing to do with enlightenment
55xchampions mickyjohnsonvox jamie_bett sam51h josedalbinho scotsunsport saying “celtic are only a small club” means nobody will take you seriously. you & them have taken it in turns to dominate (apart from the odd spell from the likes of aberdeen). there really isn’t anything different between the 2 of you apart from religion.
pawan dham, translated as holy space, is a religious temple trust in kandivli(west) where jains throng to pray and meditate. on thursday, it will open its doors to everyone covid positive, irrespective of religion. times of india embeddedurl
rt arpispeaks: divided by boundaries,united by religion. that is their only business. lahore delhi embeddedurl
29th april is the foundation day of the derasachasauda founded by shah mastana ji maharaj. derasachasauda is a place where all religion r respected and welcomed. it is known for its welfare activities. millions of dss volunteers are serving mankind selflessly 73yearsofdss
before class, tribe, religion, we were first human. always remember. be kind and don't take others for granted.
vernon_w_cisney the religion of scientism
from alberta to quebec and here and there and in between, conservatives are at war with canadians; forcing religion down our kids' throats; ignoring science, resulting in preventable covid deaths; cutting social programs; hoarding healthcare $$ to pay off their pals.
ilhanmn this is so sad and pathetic. why do those who have done this think they are better than anyone else? we are all the human race, no matter what nationality or religion. focus on the good things and positive energy! this unwarranted desecration breaks my heart!
terrorist junta raided islamic religion compound by continuously firing gunshots just for protecting peaceful protesters in mdy. 1 was shot dead in the chest & 5 were forcibly abducted. freedom of speech apr15coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
monywa’s protest leader, waimoenaing, was abducted today. unlike any other activist, he was charged with murder of two police which he never did. terrorists are using religion as psychological warfare. freedom of speech apr15coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl embeddedurl embeddedurl
channelstv now i know a muslim will choose a terrorist over a christian little misunderstanding u guys are already bringing religion to dis and violence
i was pretty angry at religion when i wrote this poem. i still worry that corrupt leaders will use religion to get good humans to do terrible things. embeddedurl
bohemoth realbrysongray did i blame anybody today for anything? no! did i say shit about slaves in europe, nope because it has nothing to do with what im talking about. and america is steeped in separating itself from any religion.
research case studies meet some current researchers who work in education, as well as details of some current research being undertaken in religion and worldviews embeddedurl embeddedurl
skintobone4 is this useful to you? our video/podcast “you too can recover from religion” thank you! embeddedurl exmuslim when humanists attack we do it by educating each other on building a better society. humanist embeddedurl
koredeadeniyi1 the_ml_engineer donniedtester landscapedziner qasimrashid potus by a strict and traditional application of the word, they are. cult historically means "a particular system of religious belief" and they were often a subset of the overall religion such as the the hindu cult of shiva.
sbuddie1877 you are a bigot, you are bigoted towards religion
michael_krause i don't want to be a part of a religion that has room for this.
xspotsdamark domowale it's seems that those who are comparing religion to heroin, quiet possibly haven't a parent addicted to heroin or any other drug.
patriot01864387 rasmas18637301 narsinghvani not fastest growing religion but fastest breeding cult. mad man moh mad died 1400 years ago but left a very serious psychological virus called qudan which directly attacks and blocks the prefrontal cortex of momins due to which they lose rationality and reptilian brain takes over
if i criticise the bjp for its tacit backing of quackery it's because right now the bjp is in power. that doesn't mean i'm unaware or ignoring those fatwa-issuing maulvis or pastor claiming to cure everything. science, irrespective of any religion is not immune to stupidity.
humanearl mikethewander1 tapistevist bizarre fact of so many that don't see/won't admit they use their "faith" as evidence for their particular religion? insanity to any clear, rational thinking mind yet they all apply this fact to every "religion" but their own! can't have both, side with faith or truth
timmyhotsauce which religion
otto_english he was explaining the concept of blasphemy. not saying their religion was bullshit and they're morons. i also note that the christians haven't forced her to go into hiding. she chose not to comment on that case or defend her fellow educator. go eff yourself otto old chum.
nutimes9 ajmastersith funimation there's a joke i wish i could find the source to that to these people there's only 2 of everything: gender: male and political race: white and political religion: christian and political sexuality: straight and political
muslimscholarscontributions to the human civilization: universities by sh. dr. alnuaimiyahia where does the word 'university' come from? how closely is education linked to our religion? click below to find out in today's episode: embeddedurl ramadan qfcommunity
daviddark preston_shipp dennyburk cbradforddallas big_dread philmadeira there really are so many instances of jesus teaching and living humility. i really think the story of the woman caught in adulterous relations is huge. it shows how we are to interact with people around us, and about how religion isn’t a mob. it is simple grace.
“religion says, ‘i obey; therefore i am accepted.’ christianity says, ‘i’m accepted, therefore i obey.’” timothy keller
bluedot2021 reutersworld turkey is in nato, all its allies are christians. and now its flirting with christian russia. turkey buys aa from orthodox russia and sa from orthodox greece. why you blame sa for the things you did first? ottomans can't fool arabs anymore, especial not with fake religion excuses
fuck man, a public figure who's saying he can't say what he wants to became trolls will inevitably come after his religion even though we're in a pandemic - and his fear is 100% true - is so heartbreaking embeddedurl
recent history: nation of islam advocate attacked us capital & killed a police officer this fact wasn't overly reported the way it would have been had the races or religion of those involved were different in fact it got very little reporting after the first 24 hours typical msm
i see a lot of “christians” who need to learn how to follow the rules of their religion before they go preaching them to others. don’t judge lest ye be judged, y’all constantly break that rule. of corse, what do i know, i’m just a filthy heathen.
politics podcast: americans are losing their religion. that’s changing politics. – fivethirtyeight chronlaw politics news embeddedurl politics news law attorney lawyer
carlospeligro5 kelvis56611305 jennaellisesq jtaylorede realamvoice blacks, asians--ethnic groups, gender, religion...are protected from discrimination. dumbshits, not so much.
bidenharriswon2 washingtonpost naturalism is a religion. there’s no such thing as being “non-religious”. we’ll continue to do as we see fit.
pastoral care, political action, and the royal office bauerschmidtc embeddedurl thursdaymorning catholictwitter thursdaythoughts catholic thursdaymotivation religion thursdaythought theology
hughhewitt christian approach? what does this have to do with christianity or any other religion? this may be the most ridiculous use of a religious promotion i have ever read. i think the christian right must really be worried that their version of magical thinking is loosing preeminence.
rt von_bismack: "your religion is not a constitution for the rest of humanity".....imam of peace
free_thinker this government is most incompetent in terms of accountability, though they have squeezed every drop out of people in the name of religion, pakistan, mandir, pandemic or with demonetization. each time is avsar to collect money from people and then zero accountability. shameonbjp
the mosque, that was set on fire last year. today,this is the place of corona patients. that's why islam is called the religion of peace . islam is the religion oh huminity .. spread them ... embeddedurl
drew_mcmahon that’s religion for ya- they murdered jesus bc he called them out for gambling in the churches
i_savannah_ indeed quality &gt; quantity. well...when it comes to religion i'm an advocate of do whatever makes u satisfied. after all inner peace is what matters the most. so, can't call any1 for how they remember allah, it's b/w person & allah and he is one who rewards & shows the right path
been saying these are the only ones that can actually get through to people the abortion huggers don't do religion, i always cringe seeing someone argue against abortion using religion. it ain't gonna change anyone's mind 99% of the time embeddedurl
im not muslim, christian or any other religion but christians"preach" against child abuse & terrorism yet the religion they follow so much and believe in terrorize children by being pedos more than any other faith not all christians are pedos and not all muslims are terrorists
ghostbur is my religion
a ruthlessly concrete christianity is the religion of jesus, the religion that thurman reminds us makes the love ethic primary. this is the first theology (sorry, barth).
rt parostom: maybe i'm wrong but i think that religion is nothing but insanity.
dean42403039 lilnasx it’s not that i think that it’s that i know that. honestly more atheist and agnostic people know more about your religion than you do it’s sad... but that’s why they are atheist and agnostic cause the dang book had so many damn reboots it strayed far from the original source. bye
bates played: she's my religion - pale waves for the 36th time.
hollis_writes yeah, don't steal, don't kill, don't covet. these are all great tenets, but you don't need religion to follow them. if there's power to be had, people will get into it for sure.
them: 'they're going to stop us practicing our religion crying emoji' me: nah that isn't the goal at all, it's okay -- them: our religion includes forcing parents to deny their trans kids love and medical care me: fuck your religion
benishaan195 same men who give 100s of arguments for 4 wives... dont allow a woman to either marry the peraon of his choice or leave the one with whom she dont want to be with... this ia a hypocritical society... religion has given rights to both in its own way
saanyachopradua eunoia4747 rajiv_pandit jhadipasha1 drovecar murlimenon6 meera029 pretty much the only thing audrey truschke does is use neo-marxist based ‘critical theory’ to problem-atize and deconstruct hindu religion. she can pick any god and find crazy ways to describe it as oppressive/evil/patriarchial and so on...
do you need help in the following ; maths biology essay due paper write english paper pay someone help paper case study essaypay online class religion maths assignments dissertation research paper
revrichardcoles sometimes religion is very weird.
_a__citizen khalbalee1 nainaraathore hard feelings ? i can show thousands of messages and vile tweeets which demonised muslims as spreaders of corona . dude give it a rest about the “religion card” here, when muslims do good it needs to be highlighted especially for how they have been are treated last year .
after a thai gay couple posted pics of themselves getting married, an online feud has erupted between thais and indonesians. some indonesians criticised the marriage as it's against the religion, while thais asked them to mind their own business. lgbt whathappeninginthailand embeddedurl
there is only one day left in the pious foundation day of derasachasauda where people of every religion, caste are being respected without any discrimination. derasachasauda is a place whose volunteers do selfless service of humanity without any greed. 73yearsofdss embeddedurl
history: what we did geography: what we explored literature: what we penned art: what we envisioned science: what we discovered religion: what we believed philosophy: what we thought psychology: what we uncovered medicine: what we treated humanity: what we are nsr
of course those that colonised us using religion will tell us that our ancestors are ‘demons’. because moving us away from things that made us stronger, made us ‘weaker’, it filled us with doubt and made it easier to control us remember who you are..
being_____farha where is your religion takedaars who are asking votes every time on the name of religion why they are silent first demand them to hit the roads and demand for the arrest of this stupid sanghi rascal.
rt yetundemee: dboydede aeberonwu thenationnews what is he successful at, scamming gullible nigerians in the name of religion?
rt levithewilson: botsnacks cullenhoback nickandert the world really just watched a religion born in real time.
jackslackmma marijuana is religion i thought
grt humanity! what one need when one battling for life? without religion barrier food n medicines were freely provided by the great humanity infomubashir to the starving family when all are battling for life frm covid n all dear near ones are away frm them! asadowaisi ktrtrs embeddedurl
"having faith in something other than yourself is difficult right now, and i think being a fan offers a lot of the same promise of religion or faith." embeddedurl
alixeharrow erinbiba new age-techno religion vs old age capital religion.
0_0_0_8_8_0_0_0 jlhardy1 mansoortshams felons can own and drive cars, trucks and busses. its a felony for a felon to touch a firearm or ammunition. shall we have a "free speech" test to qualify for a license to blog or express our opinion? how about a religion qualification test to get a license to join a religion?
the largest and fastest-growing religious demographic in america is people who say they aren’t part of any organized religion at all. embeddedurl
historically, there has never been a country called east turkestan. obviously, it is nothing about uyghur minority and their religion. re: the long rebuilding process 十年反恐 2012-2021 embeddedurl
im your new religion now bitch. you will bow at my feet and give me offerings of money and gifts just to stay in my good graces. embeddedurl
rt finessexplicit: someone said your lips are crafted from the heavens, how about you let me taste them, you know, for religion.
the take that marx's "opium of the masses" quote is ascribed benevolence towards religion because "it was medicine back then" is definitely complicated by the fact that that was written a year after the first opium war
lordsbondserver takethatdarwin "religion". embeddedurl
i could mock a man not covering his awrah and not lowering his gaze and 90% of people will have no issue. once the same is done with the hijab or tabarruj, the lot of you would jump to defend the sin/ner. be clear of double standards, especially when it comes to religion.
vanguardngrnews if the beret/hijab is not a part of the school uniform, such student should be disciplined it doesn't matter your religion. if a missionary school has quality teachers & it's not expensive, they won't deny muslim student admission. each school has their rules...
1. what does the nt say about ot law? 2. wait. i want to talk to ppl not texts. 3. how do ppl from diff religions talk to one another? 4. wait. really i just want to eat with people. 5. i can eat and study religion! 6. religion is really about eating. embeddedurl
mfwitches i don’t eat meat any day and don’t believe in religion.
jamesokeefeiii gjohnston2014 cnn democrats worship socialism it's their real religion and articles of faith: to the democrats, god given morality is the cause of the world's ills therefore they hate churches & synagogues! every other religion is just fine! embeddedurl
guardiannigeria god appeared in disguise in crawley, uk. only arshad khan saw & talked to god. god says fast few days & 2 daily prayers afternoon & sunset, koran chapter 2 verse 183. every prophet told lies including prophet muhammad to further their religion embeddedurl
engr_naveed111 miansaif19yaho1 islam very strictly prohibits violence. these ruffians should be stopped and taught a good lesson for this heinous crime of exploitation of our pious religion for personal gains, whims and wishes. shame on them & all their supporters imrankhanpti officialdgispr imranriazkhan
ebubeisaac bbellgam also had to be from a particular part of the country. plus, wrong religion.
who is going to inform that tribe that has built a religion around prince philip embeddedurl
moralevitaes firstladyship "religion is flawed only bcos man is flawed". - dan brown religion is not d problem, those who use it for selfish reasons n their gullible followers are to blame.
jmsgevr present govt. is literally turning india into one religion country. and it's frustrating. india is knows for his diverse culture as well. karma will get them.
rick santorum's journey to devout catholicism, view of religion in governance - washington post: rick santorum's journey to devout catholicism, view of religion in governance washington post embeddedurl
g5byyy “ it’s my religion “ they favorite excuse
how much money has been lost due to phoney investments ? temptation of more money. how many die by those shooting guns ? temptation to kill. funny ? they hide themselves within religion. guns and thieves go together.
rdove1919 sarahhuckabee yet you want religious people above all in politics when the constitution says religion shouldn't be involved in politics at all. freedom of religion has nothing to do with that.
shallit43 mccormickprof there is more than a merely rhetorical difference between religion and true religion, given that a religionist's beliefs express his comprehensive vision of reality, of man & cosmos. only one such vision amongst the many can be true & must oppose mythic distortions of reality.
perpetualpain1 browsersatdv4 yea, militancy/politicization of religion was more or less my entry point. its not just religion in a vacuum i think me, or most people are interested in as much as the stuff that they end up doing in our world. id know fuck all about sikhism if it wasnt for khalistanis tbh
root cause of war is an excessive attachment to your country, tribe, culture or religion. patriotism is evil and your culture sucks anyway. stop fighting for illusions.
ccrebel1 shipreeta theharrissultan majority religion has been propagating itself from beginning n in this way that the majority is formed ,n they are not barred from propagating by present constitution. but it was necessary to write about minorities in constitution coz minorities can be exploited by majority
_ashutosh_m meharaadi1 actormanojjoshi question yahi tha, aap nahi samje baki question hindu muslim ka nahi tha dekho unki next tweet, question about rss and algavwadi despite of their religion both r hate monger n never provide good to society.
cornedbeeffash albertbikaj “replacing monarchy with a national civic religion + meritocracy is best” man, your sarcasm is wicked!
we're delving into the religious this week with jesuschristsuperstar ! jesus judas disciples religion mary god pilate andrewlloydwebber podcast episode musicals theatre broadway soundtrack musicaltheatre broadwaymusical bway savemeanaisleseat
th3wond3rkid do you think only a person who owns a 4+ wheeler has the copyright on the religion. even poor can voice his views and express his anger. the theme of this hastag is not if someone is owning a car or not but to discourage anti hindu statements. why should only hindus be tolerant?
magicfm losing my religion
lvl_53 as long as religion and laws put women and minorities second ... yes.
smb0213 if religion is sacred, then progress doesn’t happen. that’s why i left the catholic faith, tired of the hate they spew.
humans will invent religion when it lacks practical embodiment; ideology is a convenient substitution given its natural affinity for proselytes today in america either your church provides your political framework or your political framework provides your church embeddedurl
salute to this braveheart . humanity is beyond any faith, religion, sect humanityfirst fightagainstcoronavirus embeddedurl
so much of western atheism is rooted in christian hegemony and much of its (very simplistic and bad) understanding of religion is through a culturally christian lens. i promise you religions that are not xtianity are subject to more scrutiny/wilful ignorance from western atheists
if you`re emotionally attached to your caste,religion, political leanings to the point that truth and justice become secondary considerations. your education is useless.your exposure is useless.if you cannot reason behind petty sentiments,you are liability to mankind’ dr.okadigbo
abc us catholic bishops do not understand freedom of religion. he can take communion if he wants to!
they should wear their hijab in their muslim school and leave christian school in peace. troublesome religion. mtweeeew embeddedurl
catnap1013 wanna be a patriot and do something for your country? get the vaccine! shop at hobby lobby? stopped that long ago. religion has no place in politics. in fact, religion is the evil of the world!
the great oklahoma swindle: race, religion, and lies in america's weirdest state has won the 2021 director's choice award from the oklahoma center for the book. this t-town boy is thrilled. my wife says it's like winning best picture if the oscars were just oklahoma authors. embeddedurl
simondedeo start a religion, take money from your followers, buy all the bitcoin you can and destroy it. if you buy them all and destroy it, it will be gone.
few of the reasons why i wanted to be homeschooled, until this day i hate the school that i went. acah alim je smk baik jadi sek agama je terus gi mampus dgn forcing religion,useless rules and old mindsets embeddedurl
rajanjsaw worldsikhorg rss hinduism and khalistani sikhism have one huge thing in common: they both are sick with islam-envy. they want to be just as successful as the pakis in using religion to destroy themselves
davidmweissman because immature people hate anything that is different from themselves. skin color, religion, politics, the food you eat, the clothes you wear, etc, etc, etc. the list is endless.
iamlee_ly they really had to bring the religion card in there huh
jdhaltigan clairlemon again, i don't think you've considered scandinavia. and for the usa, you don't have politics and over here, religion. religion in the usa is integral to the extremism of politics. read kkdumez' book. excellent quick read.
locked in with my religion
what should or could have been done to avoid the situation are passe conversations which can wait. a war requires unity of purpose and participation of citizens. we are facing a much bigger enemy than differences in ideology, religion or political affinity. captraman embeddedurl
f. garavini, montaigne politique, religion, culture embeddedurl embeddedurl
sardesairajdeep indiatoday aajtak sir - i saw it on ndtv or india today - baisakhi celebrations in golden temple - same violations of covid protocol . i think , we mix up religion too much in our daily life and this is the real cause of mistrust and therefore devastation .
catholicchrist4 uraniopovero_ jonnykmusic worshipfreely catholicism, the only pure religion
dear kumbhmelapilgrims, why do u want to dishonour our religion? why are helping corona? education system is about to collapse. what else do you want?ikasha, apeksha khatam nhi hogi. come back home."ghar pe naha lo logo ko corona se baccha lo". kumbhmela haridwarmahakumbh2021
terrorist junta raided islamic religion compound by continuously firing gunshots just for protecting peaceful protesters in mdy. 1 was shot dead in the chest & 5 were forcibly abducted. freedom of speech apr15coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
!a group biography of '90s punk rock told through the prism of green day, the offspring, nofx, rancid, bad religion, social distortion, and more two decades after the sex pistols and the ramones birthed punk music into the world, thei
the illegal interview questions employers can’t ask: -are you in a same-sex relationship? -how old are you? -what’s your ethnic background? -what religion are you? -are you pregnant or planning to start a family? -who do you vote for? -do you have a physical or mental disability?
britpakonline noamchomskyt how about other religion? may be islam.
personally, v excited that 2 of 10 panels are on gender and women's political participation! other topics include political implications of covid-19, party-voter linkages, accountability & service provision, ethnic conflict, religion and politics, campaigns & social media.. /3
monywa’s protest leader, waimoenaing, was abducted today. unlike any other activist, he was charged with murder of two police which he never did. terrorists are using religion as psychological warfare. freedom of speech apr15coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
religion for health and humanity this is the time to prove that your religion and your religiosity care for health, and hence for humanity. cancelling congregation is just one way to stop the spread of covid19. follow not those who are not following covid19 protocols.
fahmida85726717 alygoni jab tumhara song ka view 48m hota hai n thumbnail mai 50m hota did we say anything not it's not necessary to poke each otheridk yeh religion beech mai aya jasly
aabhas24 yes, zoroastrians are latest entrants to denigrate sanatan religion.
crowdwisdom360 i deleted on ur request but harsh fact we cannot igone now its high we should realise which is good for us whether religion temple or education and bealth system
_sabanaqvi tali bajao folks are vaccinating whole world. kumbh snan is cut short to 1/10 ... but a peaceful religion, sending their children to do sar tan se juda... holy shit... bloody holy shit.
mwe_tich onsisteve osama_otero you see that's the problem, trying to box god into one denomination. god is not a christian, neither is god a hindu or muslim. god is god. above religion
reallifestarman covertress elonmusk i dont trust him nor his religion. the moon is not a solid object, it's some type of self illuminating dielectric negative sink, plasma perhaps. no one is physically going to the moon. the phases is the direction the pole points to and the self light we see.
why do you want your religion to dominate the world?
fuxk.. is this for real?? shit.. mf forget that she’s d one dat completely stupid and dumb .. y?? yeah cause mf used religion to spread a mfkg hatred . . . embeddedurl embeddedurl
toto_chanot7 renkiger bts_twt bts_twt chose nuggets? great thinking 1. chicken for all. some people/ religion dont eat pork n beef 2. kids to elderly with no teeth can eat those soft juicy nuggets! 3. nuggets. convenient to eat lol.. anywhere everywhere mcdonalds
as per the predictions coronavirusindia will be over by nov - dec 2021. finally we can start fighting for religion, castes, mandir & political parties. human learns from his mistakes, indians . modiabandonedindia bjpdestroyedindia
rt wasimkhan9423: i like the religion that teaches liberty equality and fraternity_dr.b.r.ambedkar embeddedurl
monywa’s protest leader, waimoenaing, was abducted today. unlike any other activist, he was charged with murder of two police which he never did. terrorists are using religion as psychological warfare. freedom of speech apr15coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl embeddedurl
yesnicksearcy sebgorka since the left is trying to wipe out gender and religion, the only way left to divide people is by race. they are going to need systemic racism to come back, so they are working hard to achieve that goal. they need division. they don’t want unity.
rt turf_dappa: you're worried about a few people hating you. a pig is hated by a whole religion but still gets fat embeddedurl
rebeljexter except asexuality is a sexuality, not a religion.....? embeddedurl
irishcelts1888 mixedupmarty naomi_long when i lived in belfast i saw houses being burned out as the tenant was a suspected pedo, rapist, joyrider, junkies etc..... don’t get me wrong, it was usually because of religion. n.i. & west coast of scotland will never change
memetherapy1 rubinreport put another way, science and religion as emergent in the western tradition may act symbiotically, as they at least center similar positive and negative epistemic space. end this (at times frustrated) symbiosis and science drifts into such spaces as we presently witness.
immigrationus_a senatedems we greencard lottery winners(2017-2020) were selected and invited by u.s gov, but all refused just because of our nationality & religion it's unfair & against human right do justice . congress_take_action_dvlottery_2017_2020 muslimban
all religions which flourish and exist in bharat is due to hinduism as a main religion here. hinduism allows everyone to practice their faiths peacefully. can’t imagine any country with so many diff religions all together in large no. nehaltyagi08 nan_dini_ the_tanmaypatel
watkinsonsamuel addendum: i get that you said *most* ppl- i’m just pointing out that based on this kind of reasoning,i don’t know what seemingly arbitrary criteria can be used to limit it to “most” rather than “all” - and why it would just apply to religion and not literally everything.
“the myth of persecution”: early christians weren't persecuted the romans didn't target, hunt or massacre jesus' followers. suffering demonstrated the piety of a martyr & authenticity of the religion & earned one an immediate, first-class seat in heaven. embeddedurl
i never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend. t.jefferson
damimarufah a religion you don’t know anything about or believe in, how come you have a lot to talk about it. honestly, i don't have the time to argue with anyone since i have these two options (block & mute) *cos* the more you engage them, the more you make the ridiculous topic thread...
a_c_d_p cont... status, ethnic or social origin, colour, sexual orientation, age, disability, religion, conscience, belief, culture, language and birth. (4) no person may unfairly discriminate directly or indirectly against anyone on one or more grounds in terms of subsection..
chazrem llavandulla harperryane uligie shesus__christ so you want to change the subject to your religion issues? embeddedurl
johncardillo this is a cult religion. the are literally replacing god with goverment.
itbeganinthe90s jacksonisadummy conselfowns thats valid, the only time i personally have a problem with religion is if its misconstrued to oppress others, or to attack science, but this sounds absolutely wonderful!
buggydclown7 x_124__ jasonsamfield mikebalsamo1 hotlinejosh ap exactly... we have got to stay as divided as possible in this country! how the fuck will we live together if we can’t see race and religion?!? i mean one race has to become superior, how else will we be able to repeat history?
jdefriess sentedcruz freedom from religion is just as important as freedom of religion.
godlessliz another example of this, one that at least has data for us to look at, are near death experiences. some view religious figures, or themes like heaven, but usually it always matches their religion/culture.
ndtv: persons above 18 free to choose religion: supreme court on religious conversion. embeddedurl via googlenews
theciberknight dazcricket politicsforali telegraph you just sparked an idea. i've not got a new religion. i cant wear masks, i cant be vaccinated. i'll sue anyone that tries to shame me for no mask or vaccine- it's my religious belief.
lack of knowledge presents a giant invitation to fill that void with bullshit and religion doesn’t miss the opportunity. embeddedurl
cchukudebelu religion, the tool the west have used to destabilise africa.
tlp has been declared as terrorist organization. tlp was composed of illetrate class as most of them were ignorant about teaching of islam and our prophet peace be upon him. islam is religion of peace.
malo_j anthonyt2_mufc geraldpayne25 thewestonmike nelsonmkerr patricktheb peterfi98279139 michellmybell1 nadsshoes odktiger thecoapodcast jatapps imkimaaron wpcguy megavolt1 htownsmitty friendof_darwin aaron23582125 umfpt jools6691 scientiapercept haircutspock myhighhills deanomartino1 tklforgiven brough_joshua cern_lxxl tarbosaur leanneaf takethatdarwin naturalbatheist atheist_1978 abranesample terrenc58307664 lindaz333 commonsensejan canna420uk smokeystafford pauldubuisson rjdownard infinitelymanic kaden_harris hazypeter surgerysleeper georgegoulet4 ah_science wendzedin robster16a aviralassassin thedukeistheman philosophy is the talk on a cereal box religion is the smile on a dog i'm not aware of too many things i know what i know, if you know what i mean, d-doo yeah embeddedurl
"dictators always use religion to keep themselves in power." but, they couldn't do so in 2021 as people of myanmar have become one against this military regime. they will never be able to use religions as psychological warfare again. apr13coup whatshappeninglnmyanmar embeddedurl
rt mfaarees_: islam is still the most peaceful and fastest growing religion in the world. alhamdulillah ala ni'matil islam.
come on man! opt out! no need for this kind of nonsense! it is already 2021 .. religion is finished embeddedurl
the world needs strength,so believing as humanity is a superior religion let's be each other's strength and fight the covid. covidawarenesscampaignbykyyfd covid19indiahelp fightagainstcorona embeddedurl
it took me multiple readings of the headline to realise that the headline writer thinks that child abuse in the name of religion shouldn't be criminalised embeddedurl
abhinav_pan iamnitinsea theniteshsingh dramebaz_woman theneatsoul galaajay these people are helping every1 without asking any info abt religion caste political inclination. lets nt divide nation & stand together in the time whn we all need help. add if i missed anyone. embeddedurl
rt worldwidegreeks: what is the majority religion in greece? embeddedurl embeddedurl
taygoldenstein jamestalarico a bunch of ideologically captured morons who believe there are 6 sexes, humans can become another sex via drugs and surgery and boys should be on girls teams. no. reason, logic and truth must prevail over idiotic cultists of gender. it’s a new religion of “empathic” nonsense.
when victor hugo said "to love another person is to see the face of god." / and daphné du maurier “[he] had woken to me just as some men wake up to religion."
right wing - handle name & display photograph of a bheem, tweet about ? - madarc*od. how these trolls have hacked a religion. embeddedurl
_ottomaddux but that tweet did not promote violence or harass based on race, gender, religion..etc. you just pointed out that he is a coward. which is factually correct.
theses idiots are selling their religion ... using covid , add your comments to the youtube video ----- embeddedurl
trans_zero cosmotariat the culture is irrelevant. the religion is. if you don't follow the religion, you aren't a muslim.
banditkimbs and im not dirragarding what u say. you dirregard the existence of women who gets forced to wear a hijab. which is insane to me, how can u deny it. maybe cause u life in the uk and not in a state where religion and state is mixed and the sharia is law.
thasupernegro just because a minority say something doesnt mean the religion is at fault unless they are specifically saying their religion supports that view.
imranasalisu12 hailfinger1 drisapantami the killings of muslims or christians in any part of the country is bad but for an islamic teacher to preach hate against the other religion is extremism
badflower you turn around and say you're part of a new holy religion that worships whole deities and animals and positive energies. the holes in your jeans just welcome those energies towards you i have no idea where i'm going with this but i'm convincing myself tbh
mobilepunch wordly what? you see what we're saying! religion are meant for poor masses, talking of wordly things which he himself is a jagaban of...
the headteacher at my cousins pre-school in algeria was handing out sweets to kids and didn't give her any because she doesn't wear a hijab. she is four. then they wonder why some kids grow up to hate religion. loser.
maura_resister wingdigit i know. i don't get it. i found religion so brow-beating, confusing & just straight up bizarre that i don't see the attraction. everything you think & do is wrong in some way. and the people are the most hypocritical & nonsensical pricks. you have to be a masochist.
officialdgispr imrankhanpti amnestyusa potus unocha humanrightsctte talat_guardian our hindu girls are not safe in pakistan.every day their religion is being forcibly changed and these girls are being sold for sex. all of them should be arrested embeddedurl
casbeataol yes. i'd even go so far as to say that religion pretends to travel with only carry-on, but knows full well the evil is stowing away in their checked baggage.
mrnsansho she/he/iel/they lgbtq+ kpop stan multi religion
pastor__west dturn_ to fulfill the greed of earth, that mankind has made religions & gods, politics,, bad cooperates, etc. no religion or god, bad people, etc. have not created by the real creator. that greedy of earth people have screwed-it.
if there is religion, your writing will not come true. do not be so ignorant. embeddedurl
"research by campbell shows that a growing number of americans have turned away from religion as politicians – particularly republicans – have mixed religion with their politics." embeddedurl
thealbertflash adib_saab richarddawkins the structure of religion and its significance of ancient parables to influence (and guide?) modern thinking and culture is not to be sniffed at. fair enough. but it (has to) boil down to belief in the supernatural. and that’s where atheists struggle.
neiltyson and we do not live in the time of galileo, religion should not have any say in what is true!!!!
muppet_media lozzabraz femi_sorry other people owning a different phone cannot affect my own choice in any meaningful way. religion is not that siloed.
sudharaniv1 fighttheevil3 bbcnewsnight gopalkagarwal and what would it be like if it was the other way around? like japan for eg which has a decreasing population and sell more nappies for the elderly than new born babies? india has the manpower and can use it wisely but doesn’t as it’s leadership is still based around religion
rt idriesshah: it is important to speak of a thing, let alone god, with reserve unless it be warranted. religion sufism.
cameron41264090 momentstweetor idk, most feminist aren't against islam and also don't consider islam as a sexist religion. most muslim women don't consider islam sexist either. they have a different culture that is difficult to be understood by the western people.
rt donnie_religion: mfs don't think about ya til they need ya
tamarhaspel wholesomewave here here. hear hear? our food environment shapes our diet, and our food environment is determined by our zip code, our level of wealth, and our transportation options. then it’s up to us - what we grew up eating, our taste, culture, religion & what we know re nutrition & health
umarkhalifa19 salihmuhammada3 hassuyammama diviozi fact now you are calling me "them"? lies cannot stand in the face of truth. manmade religion fears and humbles itself before jesus christ the creator, savior, and soon coming judge. instead of waiting for azrail, the merciless angel of death, receive jesus christ and wait for hope!!
ur religion taught u mode of dressing so as mine,dress the way u re taught n let me dress the way i am taught.. leavethehijabisalone
sylamore1 i believe it’s called “freedom of religion”. i could be wrong though...
yuki08319847 gleeshoone if you’d never marry a guy that makes significantly less then you, or a humble guy that hasn’t got clout, or a guy that strictly observes his religion and has protective jealousy over you going outside uncovered. then sunnah isn’t what you want
religion is real political. life isn’t supposed to be this complicated. god didn’t put us on this planet to bow down and praise him and his “son”. thats real slave mentality approach to life.
exposingspeech ibs_indistress which you are in your own right to do.... and i'm not justifying the hate she recieved either... as islam preaches the opposite...it is a religion of peace and love.... i'm just trying to show both sides of the coin.... .... live and let live.... behumble bekind
african union has declared 2021 as the year of the arts, culture, and heritage, and shining a spotlight on the continent's customs, crafts, religion, folklore, fashion, cuisine, music, and language will help expand the tourism experience across africa. embeddedurl
iamjxwoods almost certainly. the concept of unions has always been solid, but we'd be lying if we didn't admit the history of racism & exclusion in american unions & guilds. there's almost no segment of american society uncorrupted by racism..religion, education, healthcare - name it.
rt shaty_bash: if your religion requires you to hate someone. you need a new one
arkansas has declared an all-out war on transgender people. passing a pair of bills that will allow doctors to refuse treatment to transgender patients on the basis of religion & enacting a law banning treatments like puberty blockers and hormone therapy. embeddedurl
lotus sutra buddhist garden in parigné l'evêque : lotus sutra buddhist garden in paring l'evêquen li... embeddedurl mahayana buddhism the religion of the future will be a cosmic religion. buddhism has the characteristics of what would be expected in a cosmic religion
rt dbrichard3: designationsix sports is an inroad to familiarity for con artists and abusers, much like religion and gun enthusiasm.
heavenorlower atriana rstemmler24 svensrevenge conunlibro judyhaggerty1 jgainsbourgh mollybrown28 fight4women bearhin0x to_discussion davidnathanaelx fuckkkcops meljonesladadee lilies09 aliceking69 notabrokenthing autocorrect2_0 prolifemarta vixmcintyre deedo_70 maggiecswart chrlpolk atheistengineer ppercussionist syd_m39 ttasticdesigns abortionchat drpoppybhrt you’re why people are leaving religion.
godvrah thisoldho mrgeorgewallace the fact that you equate petty differences such as religion and racism just shows how narrow minded you truly are. petty differences such as political party, social economical status, gender, sex, stereotypes. those are petty differences.
thought to ponder: to confess an error or a sin as soon as it is discovered is to purge it out egmh egmh21 egmhouston gandhi meditation truth nonviolence peace prayer quotesoftheday dailyquote quote success religion equality knowledge embeddedurl
guard your tongue my brothers and sisters in religion, remember that you are performing an ibadah (fasting ).
yazcaramanli_ n like q&a's, aswell as u talking about topics such as religion etc
3. being able to access goods and services, you are further cut off from integration, social mobility, and self improvement. when you factor in allowing every store, shop and country to see your ethnicity, disabilities, political inclinations and religion it becomes a nightmare.
ignorance of scripture is the source of every deviation in the religion puredoctrinesofchrist biblicaldoctrinesday2
iam_thebosslady kabelomokoatle mash__potato1 _setadi first things first, christianity is not a religion, it's a lifestyle... if you woke the way you think you are, you should know that...
2tweetaboutit mailonline this religion is so hypocritical. “good muslims” should not deal drugs...they all hide behind islam...
hgoenka has crossed the line of decency number of times in garb of wit on twitter. he has pathological hatred for the great religion and civilisation that we are. he is doing disservice to the shareholders of the company he owns and karma will bite him back one day for sure. embeddedurl
there’s a clear difference between shoving your beliefs on someone and just being happy and comfortable in your religion y’all are doing too much now..... embeddedurl
rt mian_sahib72: in our society people criticize religion to prove themselves intellectual. disgusting
my religion embeddedurl
"i am not too surprised that normally alert and powerful organizations like the labor unions and the american civil liberties union have not responded to this threat to our freedom. they fail to acknowledge the problem because they subscribe to the religion of modern medicine."
dappab phwreesh007 asiyarodrigo sulleymuntari_ halie_gustave that's what you fervently want to believe.. every insurgency in nigeria has always been about the resources, the politicians and foreigners who sponsor these lowlifes don't care about religion..in zamfara alone.. chinese nationals have been arrested illegally mining gold in
stacycfs i don't have an opinion of fb. i do have hashtag-opinions on how we should be vaccinating people in the pandemic, and pharmacies and hmos — not tech companies looking for a photo op — are the way to go. comparing state's largest hmo to a religion is more than a little peculiar.
isn’t it all the more important on this day we stand shoulder to shoulder with all those who stand for the right of all god’s children to freely practise their religion in safety & peace in the face of such barbaric hatred? hilarybennmp srilanka eastersundayattacks 2019 embeddedurl
brettglass i like very much the study of religion, especially ancient civilizations. when i visit the desert and see that canopy of stars at night like they saw it, you wouldn’t be so quick to not believe in a higher intelligence.
what is the matter if he married 3 women? it's permissible in religion i think some women out there have the lowest approach in terms of mind in fact below underground down near-earth crust so please stop the senseless approach. embeddedurl
scepticdust godlessliz i manage to live a thoroughly moral life without religion thank you very much.
ashoksdharma sadhgurujv sometimes we have to raise above religion..yes i agree islam has some extremists character but all people are not like those extremists embeddedurl
subhajit_n lack of knowledge of candidates makes people vote on stances of religion and caste. to the common masses, the mlas and mps are not just unknown but always unavailable, even the candidates during their campaigns.
panerabread tell us you hate minority groups and co-opt their religion after firing them for said religious beliefs for twitter likes.
let me live this here for the sake of tweeps who doesn't read opera mini advantages of dressing this way for a woman 1)it's a royal dressing 2)no pulling of skirt as you walk 3)you defend christ before eastern religion 4)men don't/can't kss kss you around 5)your body is sacred embeddedurl
thank you, jason and nabj for stepping up. such task forces are needed for coverage of education, politics and religion in this country. we must shore up actual journalism, which remains the fourth estate and a pillar of our democracy. thank you again! detroitnabj embeddedurl
azfar_ sibinmohan of course not! but the problem lies somewhere else. for your convenience don't deflect it to the kumbh. one phone call was all it took to stop the kumbh. but look what is happening delhi? it's not about religion, but it is about politicians fuelling covid surge. embeddedurl
ramadan is the month in which the quran was revealed. and this qur'an is for people all over the world. on this occasion, you are a believer of any religion!! if you want quran, let me know via dm. i will send for you. embeddedurl
he really said religion huh??? lmao goodbye tiktok trending embeddedurl
postsubman first get out of that demonic box called religion. marriage is an institution ordained by god. sex tops it all . enjoy yourself
findingidil alibashi5 abdi_ibra abdikadzz amalleyyy hyaas_ ibrahimdayax da is for deen, al-islam, religion with allah since time began
niall in joggers is my religion
everytime "religion of peace"
fuck this man i might need to find religion
when people start their 'foreign religion' talks. i'd always tell them documentation was what made the 'two' most populous religions in nigeria/africa what it is today. there's a bible. there's a quran. all documents! where are the documents for the african traditional religion?
religion is part of this.............. a big part in fact if it wasn't for religion it wouldn't be happening and ....... it has nothing to do with you embeddedurl
hauling a car full of teenagers home. making them listen to my teenage music. up today: a tribe called quest, bad religion, lagwagon, and fugazi. embeddedurl
asima_ali we got to be careful. this virus has no religion and does not recognise mosque or mela. many states in india have runout of cremation spaces.
cartoon karikatur komisch haha cartoonart cartoonist comic witz witzbild atheismus antitheismus religion theismus gott götter allah mohammed mohammedkarikatur mohammedkarikaturen moslem muslim allahuakbar anschlag terror religiotie religionsapologeten embeddedurl
everything needs to stop wherever people are going. it's not only rallies and kumbh mela but i have seen people going everywhere they shouldn't in name of religion. what to do if people are stupid covid19 covidiots kumbhmela maharashtra lockdown vaccinated embeddedurl
i am not a fan of organized religion and this includes wicca
our religion, our families, our friends, our society, this new strange bond of cooperation between this virus n our body which we can call disease or whatever ain’t respecting anything. my life, my land, my money, my my my, is it helping at all? what is ‘my’ now?
usdenillo mattwalshblog doesn’t matter what the religion, color of skin, political persuasion...you violate the rules. you get tossed off!
shavensthemaven brantlymillegan chris_said balajis arilamm ktmboyle micsolana nelliebowles antoniogm nope, the atheists i know are far more devoted to maintaining their worldview than the deity worshipping ppl i know. religion is inherent in humans, but we each choose what we hold up as our ideal
what is the need for? why do u good for nothings always have to carry ur religion everywhere?! everyone is not u nibbas. we dont really care what religion the pm is of. what matters is how good a pm he is. u communal hate mongering shitheads need some rest embeddedurl
cristietalks kulasroman nowthisnews the far right ethnonationalist movement that holds power in israel, the seizure of land in the gaza strip, there's tons of reasons for this violence that extend beyond the surface level cultural differences of religion
i really just wrote a three page paper on why religion is dumb
i've got a lover, a love like religion i'm such a fool for sacrifice embeddedurl
before teasing the islamic preacher of pakistan don't forget 20- 30 percent population of your country are followers of him & your cosy comments may hurt the sentiments of your fellow citizens across the country. don't indulge religion for your attention. target country! embeddedurl
realdailywire everyone wears their hair like that no matter race religion or state you live in. it’s a cute pixie cut.
occupymygov isn't bestiality against the 'faux christian' religion?
aidlambv2 randychiggins mf invalidating every single religion under the sun rn
religion is an ideology, your god is not real
farheen10152233 kaurdils khanumarfa thanks for accepting the global crime committed by the hardline cult from.your religion in name of isis..
religion isn't all that, it's a coping mechanism for humans. embeddedurl
kaafir religion shehla_rashid embeddedurl
charity. ideologies should also be concerning for christians for two broad reasons. for one, they tend to fill the same role in a person’s life as religion. the first four of cranston’s characteristics of ideology, when disconnected from the word itself, describe just as
this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil chantaladasilva omarjadwat aayoub neal_katyalmaral10067418 embeddedurl
if your attitude is like you are thankful despite your caste and religion then let me clear you, no one asking about your caste here, even no one cares! if you are showing gratitude, you are not doing fever. dr.ambedkar
it’s a religion with these people. embeddedurl
amishfac nintendofac its heresy, a false religion
dneurosx corona is extremely secular, fair, doesn't discriminate on the basis of race, caste, religion, wealth height, gender, day-night or anything else. it only discriminates on the basis of intelligence. just don't be a fucking idiot. wear mask, wash/sanitize hands, don't go to crowded
gazettengr restructuring of this country should start with religion. we pay so much attention to religion rather than doing what is good. every friday and sunday we flood mosques and churches yet evil still persist. we need to first dissolve muslim and xtian pilgrim board. simple.
moshekasher can people who type jab join your new religion?
"marriage brought the young, rootless prince a home, a country, a passport, a new religion and the first real stability in his life. in return, the immigrant boy gave it his total support." embeddedurl
mustafa45092010 cricketretweetr if you know so much about religion you should also know that its ok if you apologize and dont repeat your mistake again
rt mattwalshblog: yes, chelsea, but that makes sense because your religion is satanism embeddedurl
filthyfayla my religion
jibrinibrahim17 ngrpresident ngrsenate housengr ...what are the set standards for a successful screening? religion and believe is a way of life, dr. isa shouldn’t have scaled through the screening process.
congressmanraja this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) including all islamic countries who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban i_want_my_miracle_back please support us. embeddedurl
although , by every perspective , india and pakistan are two different states , but this is the time to get united , because humaity is the greatest religion prayforindia
devydev666 forsythewalter jonathankoch77 thehill biden won. god had nothing to do with it. not complain about god's will, hell you're the only one bring up god or religion.
kripashank indumakalktchi king_of_orion bro that's donation right. every religion or institutions do that. i'm talking about vip tickets and special darisanam
congratulations to rhiane fatinikun ukbgh who has been nominated for the positive role model (race, faith and religion) award at the national diversity awards 2021. to vote please visit embeddedurl nda21 nominate votingnowopen embeddedurl
idf if it hits the nuclear facility, this missile would be the second chernobyl. israel, mosque aksa, syria, cyprus, lebanon, yemen all people die within 30 years from radiation. it cannot be from any religion that does this.
thetweetofgod not a religion, but humanism comes the closest.
halbrow68884227 mikemcl00531595 pcampbell001 ibergwiesel thinks_about_it cole44749821 barbarajdurkin canadianworker2 wayneallanh rijpew zacklywright narvuntien stormsignalsa geraldkutney mikedel21893959 2c_increase dawntj90 skeeziez dlmtd2 rln_nelson roypentland bridgetholmstro hadleyjohn affitthro rob46401650 sapienthetero hfjohnsen nooil4pacifists thedisproof dodgydingo1 cjtjgeol quixotesdonkey alan_poirier iandjbrown2 pacleanwater no2wind d_e_mol lightswide climatehope2 gordonrlove tricyclist100 kenworthcowboy1 john_actuary medbennett bubbasranch fagandr1 dancady redforged42 robin_hagues calvarycroll hal your hysterical belief in co2 apocalypse cc religion only makes you look silly.
catpadme capturingchrist a common promise in religion is that heaven will be sexual playground. repress your sexual desires on earth so that you can get into the infite orgy made up of supermodels and everyone you ever had a crush on for all eternity.
game of thrones had me each season like: too much sex, too much sex, fuck you sansa, fuck religion, fuck children, kosom ramsy, cerci i applaud you, ew ew, arya you badass bitch, sansa i love you, danny what the fuck!, eh el khara da.
davidhundeyin bashirahmaad tomorrow, he will also like drisapantami jus did that he is matured and now knows better. sometimes i imagine what it feels to them taking human lives they can't create all in the name of religion cos as far as i knw god is the supreme being that needs no mortal help.
franceleavepakistan i request our government to kick-out this infidel who dares to insult our beloved prophet (saw). let the french know that we will not sit idle if they insult our religion, we will burn them to the ground by allah's will. muslims france_leave_pakistan
a thought provoking article by michael vlahos ("church of the work: next american religion?) suggesting the wokist subversion of classical liberalism is reminiscent to the means by which the early church supplanted paganism. embeddedurl
rt nimai_swain: apmahapatra samanwaya_et debendraprusty our god's and temples must be protected from our religion, whatever that means.
like, there must be a term for religious ptsd since it's such a wide reaching problem across the globe. of course, it must overlap with other issues or even cause them but trauma from religion cuts very deep.
pawley_robert hairybads ahmadresponse icred1 cjwerleman what a load of crap. let me challenge you. islaamic is based on quran. pick any fact which quran states and prove it wrong. it is as simple as that. meanwhile stop the bs. you think religion is a sham, thats your opinion and it is not supported by evidence so keep it to urself
an extraordinary winning streak for religion at the supreme court embeddedurl via yahoonews
guardianaus funny how most of these empathy-less blokes went to the most expensive, religious, same-sex elite schools in the country 'eh? i'd say most ppl are born with empathy but religion & school knocked it out of them so they could 'succeed' the correlation is too great to ignore it
redmendipboy hayleymagill that is quite a disrespectful and unhelpful comment. funny how we tell patients that a positive attitude etc will help them through their treatment and the minute that they use religion we get derisive and act like it's the medicine alone that helps.
72 miles from the sea: the fourteen holy helpers – george embeddedurl god christ christian faith spiritual religion heaven angels baptism jesus jesuschrist prayer
yes, i believe that christianity demands being anti-racist and anti-homophobic... i’m talking about all the folks who use their religion as a political weapon and argue that it’s more important to be a christian than be a good human...
shirley68450254 jim_jordan that's what religion must really about. a place where you can go & feel good about feeling guilty about making other people suffer. go buy a homeless person a new set of teeth instead of opening a food bank. food doesn't fix victims of abuse. this country really needs to grow up
drrollergator that is a miracle, may i join this religion?
honphilipijie bello49420425 mobilepunch chai religion.... christian and islam.
teapainusa jesus is a convenient "tool" for these morons! while kids were in cages, citizens were being teargassed for photo-ops,..not a single evangelical "leader" lifted a finger! instead they kept preaching about the "annointed one!" in the wh. religion has become an oppression tool!
religion is the root of all evil lmaooo
george carlin on religion and god. embeddedurl
obviously that doesn't apply to everyone - i totally understand rejection of religion from an atheist pov, esp for those from xtian backgrounds but like admittedly christianity is less my priority when i explore religion, but i love exploring faith as a theme in general
religion thinks "russell moore is putting on weight" but the gospel 8-ball says "dance like nobody's laughing" &gt;&lt;&gt; &gt;&lt;&gt; &gt;&lt;&gt; "metal zone" worship at 10:50 am
yaf was our founding fathers who craved to be free from the shackles of dictatorship that required taxation without representation; prison for speaking their mind; lack of freedom religion. i’m shocked that you don’t understand american history yet you want to indoctrinate children.
sirjambavan these people clearly haven't read buddhist texts which put the koran to shame when it comes to misogyny. i wouldn't put it past them to say that buddhist texts have no religion and have nothing to do with the buddha.
exactly, it's not your religion so you don't know. there was nothing to feel disrespected by, us muslims are telling you this. tell your friend to recite surah yunus in one of her daily prayers today. allah is merciful, may he forgive her. embeddedurl
aunindyoc srinivasiyc no ambulance, no bed in hospital, no oxygen in hospital, no place in shamshan but when they ask for vote in the name of religion, you will vote them to power again.
rt brat2381: and since folks are determined to bring up the crazy man’s religion...let’s start with this gem. embeddedurl
thottonmather my own principles are such that, when the question is of whether cakes should be baked or nuns required to find abortions, i tend to side with religion; but i never forget that this is charity, and that faith given power will turn on me without a second thought.
hmu now for: chem essay due paper write english paper pay case study essaypay homework online class religion chemistry geography econometrics. whatsapp:+1(906)401-4910 embeddedurl
yeppers, congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances
we urge crphmyanmar and nugmyanmar to get rid of ne win's era arbitary citizenship categories. these categories are racist, unnecessary, and do more harm than good. the new nation must be based on democracy, human rights, civic values; not based on race, ethnicity or religion embeddedurl
mehtahansal bad taste really bad taste. if u want to give example of overcrowding, begal election would be more appropriate than posting old pic of kumbh. target on specific religion on the basis of their believes ...... didn't expected from u
oh73hh elonmusk nah. rather no political descisions because of somebodys religion on mars. some people still need religion to cope with death, and i think that is totally fine, as long as that doesn't mean that they force their own rules on others.
rt walis_sure: i keep saying it religion is slavery and people so much get blindfolded with it, is scary
while astrology from the islamic world can be quite different from the contemporary practice, the threads of commonality are still there. the study of the history of astrology is of particular interest for historians of science and religion
leaving your religion and becoming an atheist can be a difficult and even dangerous process. some of our clients have already escaped from their home countries and are resident in refugee camps. 1/4 embeddedurl
i don’t follow many common beliefs about religion. i’ve studied every one. but the bible is history, it’s how you interpret it. the book of eenoch along with 14 other texts were removed for a bible but its deeper than google.
90% of us were born into the religions that we practice. so, before you start acting like baba god's p.a, what makes you think your religion is the right religion? what makes you think god is going to judge us according to our religion and not how we treat other people?
jacobreaume8 570news 1 government is of the people not one god over another 2 when jesus walked the earth - no church they gathered outside. 3 your church & religion does not have the right to choose sickness over health for everyone else, sit down and shut up
islam is the only religion—constitution that grant privilege & honour to women in every aspect of life & protect them in every possible way. don't deny women from inheritance, you'll be held accountable! jazak allah samiarqazi for wonderful online quran classes. un_women embeddedurl
just another way that religion drags the species down. ignorance and fear. white evangelical resistance is obstacle in vaccination effort embeddedurl
listening to aneestherapper and justinbieber talk about how sometimes religion gives you this jaded ritualistic idea of god, when in reality god is everywhere and you can find him in the little things around you! felt that in my soul man!!
little post i’ve written in my spare time about the state of play in 2021. have a read if you like and let me know if you have any feedback thanks. thepowerofmisinformation freethinking freespeech society government politics religion humanity embeddedurl
yoooo if jesús saw this back in the day i don’t think he would’ve started a religion embeddedurl
ca__iyi a crook using religion to kill innocent people.
rahulkanwal wld you be doing a prime time show on the topic today evening, questioning the gov for risking the lives of millions and millions of the people of the country inthe name of religion
rt palfthan: what to do ,when religion of mask/lockdown is proven false? embeddedurl
mailonline also women attacked for wearing what they call immodest clothing! stoning to death still practiced under their "religion"! very strange that most of the liberal left support muslims so much!
“do not ask people questions that god will ask them, like: - what is your religion? - do you fast? - do you pray? ask people questions that people ask each other, like: - are you hungry? - do you need anything? - do you have any problems?” fatih sultan mehmet (1432 - 1481 ce)
deepsealioness rss do this intentionally to fool people & so they can loot behind the scenes. bjp is neither staunch nationalist nor hindu savior. bjp disguise their actions with religion & loot the public. bhakts are coconspirators. they spread this fake narrative. this is racism & supremacy.
washingtonpost why the hell this world has gone wild in the name of religion, caste, creed, colours, clothes, genders and all the shits? why people have lost their brains? may be climate change effects!
rt safetypindaily: an extraordinary winning streak for religion at the supreme court | by adam liptak embeddedurl
kim jisoo my religion. blinks iheart attack i vote howyoulikethat for bestmusicvideo on iheartawards blackpink embeddedurl embeddedurl
“i used to think science and religion hugely contradicted each other, as is the common belief amongst learned men. however, you have completely removed this contradiction.” - prof clement wragge
statomattic medicine itself is a religion. most people (and i was one of them when i was younger) believe all of what the medics say. they are held as saviors of humanity, like religious priests. later i found out most are a bunch of quacks, and the science of medicine is 90% junk science.
engaging blog on shift to religion&worldviews mrmjlane: 'children did not see religion as part of a shared human experience. children saw religion as a way of dividing people; a way of marking difference rather than shared ideas show in different way.' embeddedurl
nidhipaswan yet another beautiful soul ripped apart by some monsters under the sky which is said to be ruled by god! no religion gives anyone rights to kill innocents for whatsoever reason. justicefornidhipaswan hangthekillersofnidhipaswan embeddedurl
spdbmp93 xfortune marques_perform umfpt kingconko ksorbs hey genius, i read the bible cover to cover multiple times. i went to hebrew school. i got a minor in religious studies from one of the best departments (uva) in the u.s. saying i don't know religion because i recognize it as fantasy is like a classics professor doesn't...
an adherent of the sunnah will be accused of fighting the ways of his forefathers, just as the prophet صلى الله عليه وسلم was accused of abandoning the path of his forefathers. islām is not a religion predicated on forefatherism, it is a path perfected in the qur'ān and sunnah.
security community actually admits religion is the cause of insecurity but their solution is intermarriage. madeaux
rt evilpez4: my religion observes discounted easter candy monday.
rss knows about these people. first one , there's is no involvement of religion. second one is religious event. bjp is religious party. their focus is do religious things, get votes, win election and repeat . they don't need to take care people. embeddedurl
as per the rule, people who officially change their religion, including minors, have to advertise it in the gazette. embeddedurl
just to clarify again, no issue with the prime minister’s religion. but i do have lots of questions about what on earth he’s talking about when he calls social media users the devil! many, maaaaany questions.
"as they become increasingly valued resources recognized in the local community, women’s conceptions of themselves and their contributions to society can shift significantly." religion bahai genderequality women embeddedurl
atheist god religion bible faith church atheism noreligion religionfree antireligion freedomfromreligion goodwithoutgod nogod godless heathen nonbeliever skeptic secular humanist freethinker think logic reason boldatheism sin embeddedurl embeddedurl
remember: unless it’s against your religion, becoming an organ donor is one of the most selfless and helpful acts you could make.
we deliver best grades pay assignment pay essay pay paper research paper pay history pay biology do project do chemistry religion essaypay mathematics pay statistics pay term paper homework due pay online class assignments due pay someone write
charmyh have councellors conquered fear of corona that citizens at large need to reach out to them. religion has surrendered n astrologers have failed. the world of medicine is running around for a solution. govt is doing its best. far away in some recess lord n d devil is playing chess
christianity is often a religion of being against – "god against man. man against god. man against nature. nature against man. nature against god. god against nature –very funny religion!" –doctor d. t. suzuki (in the power of myth by joseph campbell)
revealed: military releases photographs, set to bury 12 soldiers killed in benue | sahara reporters each soldier is pictured, with name, date of birth, date of death and religion detailed beneath a head shot. hqnigerianarmy read more: embeddedurl embeddedurl
rt folalagos: tribe and religion can never stop me from being with the love of my life. that’s on mary’s child born in a manger.
lombarmortal yoooooooo, what a coincidence i have the same religion
hippieforlife11 find peace through religion.
vijays50066150 taslimanasreen hinduism/sanatan dharma is mother of all religion, abrahmic religion were afraid so exploited varna system,they knew our religion was very flexible so it difficult to conquer it,so they maligned our religious belief and made hindu understand varna aka caste system as it's part.
this timeless appeal to universal consciousness knows no boundaries of geography, race or religion. it inculcates & nurtures inclusiveness – the edifying tenet of sanathana dharma. wonderful to see these young children simply dedicated to the process. –sg sadhguruschool uganda
being ethnocentric is not in line with christ's teachings. he taught humility and caring to others, even religiously. even if you believe/know your organized religion is true, unless you are humble, you run the risk of becoming more like the jews who could not accept christ.
swatisi93008495 shahsam90568931 plasthuman kumbh wasn't organized embeddedurl occurs only after 12yrs,and since u don't have idea about ur religion,u have no idea about that.since,u don't have basis for talk,u think i am frustrated.for the record,m not.
i don't know if it's religion or culture, i realize that most people find it weird talking about their need of having a lot of money. people like to be moderate about their need for money. why? see, it's better to have money and don't need it than to need it and don't have it.
malih66158037 usenvoyiran aclu vp statedeptspox potus secblinken this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017to2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust religion p.p9645 muslimban dv2017 dv2018 dv2019 dv2020 africanban please support us aclu nilc muslimadvocates embeddedurl
expert talk series week - 3 topic: gender equality and religion stay tuned with jkpi_ embeddedurl
timeless wisdom: george washington deemed religion and morality essential to political prosperity embeddedurl
knowrealallahonramadan allah kabir god has given life to worship our way to salvation without any worthless rituals and grants miracles and can cure deadly diseases like cancer regardless of the religion. find reality and listen satsang at 8.30pm on ishwertv & read 'gyan ganga' embeddedurl
llaurenshorts religion of tree says no hate, only vibes
accumulat0r neiltyson to conclude that any opinion or anything that does not jibe with yours is an affront to your own beliefs is precisely what pushed me away from religion. i am fortunate that though i was a catholic by social construct my father brought his children up as free thinkers.
wrong "religion right" apparently scotus embeddedurl
classicallyabby appreciation for our men and women in service to our nation has zero to do with christianity. manners has nothing to do with religion. decency has nothing to do with implying only those who believe as you do are doing right.
the manipulation back then was strong the government would use religion & patriotism to motivate us all along with fear embeddedurl
maakhansingh were this any other religion, the stories and reactions here would've been so different! appalling leadership.
writing a paper for my media law class, and i came across youtube videos of teresa bejan tmbejan . your ideas on free speech, open-mindedness, intolerance, religion, and civility- you’ve got a new fan. wow.
despite the terrible loss of life during this coup, this period could also be an opportunity for radical change from which a myanmar that does not discriminate based on race and religion and provides equal opportunity for all. embeddedurl
brianowhere lavanyaballal stylistanu shashitharoor mahuamoitra thedeshbhakt harsh_mander ha ha bheedi comes under which religion? embeddedurl
rt yungneocon: transhumanists are just the irl jedi religion but for the borg
rt pitchfork: dmx made gospel rap for the unconverted and for those who’d long lost touch with religion embeddedurl
anbaras49910652 vishmahe1 bullettuupandi dvenkat71 muraliathreya santhosh0309m naturaize radhiga_v srjk22 kishore_kumar67 sivaroobini555 vanamadevi nadodi86 aarjeekaykannan harisri13617795 revenge1967 drmathimaths gopalanvs2 rprabhu shaktivel2 bkannigaa bushindia saravanansivans gardenspeed123 maha_periyavaa majorsimhan maha_simha ungalnanbar hlkodo umanathanv bhairavinachiya dingdingpb karthik34969673 krishnananban55 itskjayaprakash ganeshlic ganesanpant senthilbe23 serukku rvaidya2000 asuvathaman ramkumargee16 iamdharmarajan0 human70286217 jqwt48vyytqebbm mudaliyar3010 lonappanmaash iam_satheesan sesharavind dransarikka what is the connection b/w corona and saving temple? talk with some sense! you guys hate for a religion make you all go nuts!
ramighanem98 guidofawkes "islamophobia" would imply that there's nothing to worry about within the muslim religion. there's a concert hall full of dead children who would disagree. so many deaths of innocent people caused by islamic lunatics and you're here saying "don't be scared".
dominicraab your condemnation is one sided and not justified of a neutral position. we must condemn those who commit violence act, irrespective of their religion!
how dumb can you be to make such a statement? you are more than welcome to do this in west. here brown bags are used so more and more people can buy it comfortably. majority of women practice religion here. aap pads ko openly lena azaadi samjhtay ho to bari choti soch hai apki embeddedurl
vijayku69567229 kyawfelix un unicef rapporteurun schranerburgen1 yangheeleeskku antonioguterres matthewfsmith kenroth freya_cole clarissaward clarencehouse secblinken potus flotus bwoodward_un moteging leongwaikitcna youranoncentral barackobama iingwen scottmorrisonmp dominicraab secdef borisjohnson potus45 tedlieu asean no doubt your are in dark... and quran has also explained the destruction of world more briefly than anyother religion
rt soft_dinesh: rakhitripathi tamil nadu &kerala always like to who people development given not for who religion development
cobbo3 it's a troubling connection between wealth and religion that i see every day on social media...
rt slemeers: this is not just about religion but about humanity! keep the faith! savepalestine savealaqsa embeddedurl
brianrrs37 dhfatma2 ajenglish i am religious n secular person, who values life more than borders.above comment i meant sometime it is better to grab the opportunity & solve the issues rather than hooking on to religion,history,ego or pride.else many players come to milk for their profit & innocent life r lost
fatboiserbian bookerforhof religion is never an excuse to not accept someone’s sexuality lmao fucking loser
mobbiemobes this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) including iranians & yemenis who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban aclu adc nilc debbialmontaser codywofsy jb_cox omarjadwat wangcecillia embeddedurl
atti_cus he will check applicants religion and then distribute
scooter is so d*mb, i seriously am so sick of that this isn’t about religion
lsferguson sherryc30113962 breitbartnews stop the oppression of religion china
ibrāhīm bin adham رحمه الله stated: "whoever regulates his belly regulates his religion. whoever controls his appetite possesses righteous character. indeed the disobedience of allāh is far away from the one who is hungry and close to the one who is full." [jām'i al-'ulūm] embeddedurl
nigeriantribune sokoto state is the poorest state producing and exporting only religion and religious affairs. the governor's priority is to renovate the homesteads of the ulamas and other traditional rulers to generate more religion - and the governor is one of the enlightened leaders.
marx and nietzsche: "religion is a formidable opponent and their arguments are good and only slightly mistaken, their proofs for god are hard to disagree with" new atheists: "lol dae think religion stupid? god rock lift? lol" embeddedurl
saharareporters if only one huasa hero go come out and declared huasa nation, na dat time fulani's go understand the kind of loneliness dem dey . shey it was hausa , yoruba and igbo . where did fulani come from ??? are dey nigerians?? or is it because dey have same religion with hausa???
the sexist religion of peace. any women’s rights protestors????? coronavirus: why some mosques are closed to women during ramadan embeddedurl
shame on islamic terrorists who are wreaking havoc in the name of religion. there are many islamofascist bastards who humanize their brutal crimes. sadly they do it in the name of religion. it's time for them to introspect and evolve. israel themossadil embeddedurl
anvimishra13 vahsiriyat then for that, we need a much weaker rss-bjp and aimim... see how bjp sacked his sitting cm just for his one wise decision of conducting a symbolic kumbh due to the prevailing corona threat...in india religion is like oxygen for political survival now!!
wholesomeoldone religion would work alot differently if you could walk up to your god and stab them
tomorrow at 5:30 est the worldwide iuic sabbath class will be taught by none other than bishopnathanyel himself! fair warning to all members of christianity your religion is about to get deconstructed! bishops topic “christianity started the slave trade” embeddedurl
pmodelhi you have to return to your senses and read about islam because it is the only true religion and the religion that will enter you into paradise, as god exists
this is how the occupation raises their children !!! they raise them on hatred, racism, hostility and brutality and hate arabs and everyone who violates their religion !!! gazaunderattak israelterrorists israelicrimes embeddedurl
shehzad_ind ajbaniankush you gandu keep quiet, don't bring religion into this
n8rgrl magdalenajanina rampol_ cenkuygur good for you. neither do most people of faith. it you’re opinion that they live their lives like that based on your understanding.of how they interpret their faith & religion. i’m talking about people in their billions of whom you know nothing about. so stop generalising.
the old clown homes used too be rich surrounders they talked where these roads at end who won to join universe that's me, so religion in nova scotia hoped didn't know, i won.
proletariandoll biology has nothing to cultural and societal norms. african communities were largely collectivistic before colonization brought religion. it takes a village to raise a child. and most indigenous communities honor elders and women and integral parts of society. read a book.
howdy y'all so i have been reading the actual heartbeat bill that's trying to pass in texas. by the looks of it it kinda violates the constitution that we have. like they can't deny your abortion cause the state pass a law on it. especially if your religion gives you full-
rt kingdon_za: christianity is a white religion but we not ready to accept that
happening now across the country. myanmar's military arrest the young peoples, students, teachers, doctors, enginerrs, farmers, workers , religion leaders and civilians everywhere in country at days and nights. also they burn down the civilians's houses. whatshappeninglnmyanmar embeddedurl
honkytonkjew cnn i’m so confused by cnn’s tweet. sinners sinned? ok. “this is the straw that will break the religion’s back and get people to leave in droves”? someone actually wrote that headline (not to mention the story) and said, “hellz yeah. that’s the way”.
singhswetab tajinderbagga israelis are not killing terrorist they are killing people in the name of religion (muslims) that's what happened in gujarat in 2002 if u remember then too innocent people, childrens and pregnant womens were killed.
thisishiphop love that she knows a ton about nature but jack shit about religion
deepikabhardwaj amitarcher remyfernandes15 that is the basic problem with people like you deepika ..who call such thing a joke.pseudo seculars also started with just joke like this on hindu religion. you have being witness of the same isn't it.?
in religion today, prince cassandra the invisible has converted to following the teachings of the doctrine of janus. their subjects seem to be afraid.
sweden is deporting .rezarvhimi, a hazara refugee from afghanistan. reza is a human rights activist with views against organized religion that puts his life in immediate danger in afghanistan. saverahimi .hrw .amnesty .swedeninaf embeddedurl
rt iconic_gravity: normalize not arguing about religion,just serve the god you believe in
theeconomist dear god/ allah/ shiv/etc. my comment on ur planet - human being r enjoying smoking, alcohol, drug, porn, premarital sex & extramarital affairs so crime-rate & health-care budget is skyrocketing. they are fighting/killing each other based on nationality, religion, race & color.
this is not about religion, this is about humanity! kau manusia ke bukan?! savepalestine freepalestine alaqsaunderattack savesheikhjarrah embeddedurl
good morning tigray: land of king negash land of al nejashi land of hijra land of religion land of hospitality land of righteous land of resilient land of just & fair land of heroes (below: axumite christian king welcoming the first muslim refugees from mecca to his kingdom) embeddedurl
rt muhammadiyah "in the tarjih insight, religion is generally defined as allah’s and his prophets’ commands, prohibitions, and guidance. however, dahwan stated that the definition is only from one side of religion. embeddedurl muhammadiyah"
tamil nadu thowheed jamaath strongly condemns the mob lynching in the name of religion that took place in haryana. demands capital punishment for the culprits. thequint pchidambaram_in peteralphonse7 kanhaiyakumar justiceforasif embeddedurl
imtizionism coinabs that's why the chinese tear them down. they don't allow footholds. izlamb is a foothold religion.
you can’t find any other community of a religion being behaved like muslims. cruelty is okay when it comes to muslims. silence is okay when it comes to muslims. where is the part of that is called human then? aksadabaskinvar
ap an organization of countries based on a religion which is designed to protect dictators.
rt moesmbr: hk97xe0 also there's no mention in the religion that you gotta go visiting and shit. raya is culture. syawal is religion.
to clarify, i'm definitely blaming religion.
when god gave man and woman dominion in genesis 2, there was no religion. god gave us all the power to determine the direction of our lives irrespective of religious beliefs. you have the power to change your life and determine your outcomes. use it. praisesnuggets
oraekene1 karma as never existed....and we don’t always get what we deserve. some google people get good things while some bad. most bad people get good things.... we created karma as a one of the tools in religion to keep people morally upright according to particular standards.
what a relief when the whole lab is fully vaccinated!!! please get the vaccine, if you have the opportunity to do so. stop following naysayers. believe in science. science is the new religion and the only one worth following. embeddedurl
polishxcellence time to reform the religion for primogeniture i guess lol
foods is religion embeddedurl
"my religion is very simple. my religion is kindness." - dalai lama happybuddhapurnima goodmorning
pussy and religion is all i need.
ekwulu this is about the good and the bad. good people don’t see religion as rallying cry thing. bad people capitalise on their religion to cause mayhem
cenkuygur stop trying to defend this, "religion plays a part" is not even close to "they're battling about which side's sky god they pretend to speak to" ethnic conflict is the center, and the only major side that's motivation is religion is the one you didn't mention, us christian right
zerozilchmedia oregonian politics is the new religion.
two chinese from mainland were baptized during the china democracy party conference in la, ca. a group of christians went to the stage to pray for them. it is touching to witness a group of people who were deprived of freedom of religion to choose their religion. embeddedurl
yeah coz we aren't muslim educated from madarsa who will go out and kill professor for a joke or kill people just for saying something their religion! we keep patience... we are hindu secular & indian.. nothing wrong in that!! embeddedurl
(1/3) israel gives citizenship only to those who hold the religion of judaism. is there a country that simply says that you are a jew gives you citizenship without any other introductions, isn't this called racism ?! gazaunderattack savesheikhjarrah palestine embeddedurl
omideyiolaide ferdinanddike1 ayemojubar i was drawing a parallel btw the north and the south and i used religion as one of the significant social element to determine which part of the south is more compatible with the north.
yoloboyd02 brentdondalski benshapiro there should be a rule book when you can and can’t reference people being thrown in gas chambers gas burned alive because of their religion.
when any other national and any other religion having attacked by someone than all the countries specially western countries they are condemned why they can’t see what’s going in palestine why they close the eyes when muslim are facing this masjideaqsaisbleeding embeddedurl
drunkst3pdad spunkybuttmunch one of the myriad reasons i left religion. organized or otherwise. embeddedurl
—i acted wrongly/haram with me. because whatever we say, if we take religion by bits and pieces which we only found likeable, that’s secularism. trying to divide religion into compartments, so that it serve our temporal desire and needs at that moment is disrespectful to god.
protestinggirl immak02 azy493 hindu don't follow radical dharma. you people believe your religion is superior and rest are followings stupid traditions. but that's not true. we believe in sarv dharm samman.
government obey or jail school obey or fail religion obey or hell the whole system is ruled by fear collected
harvard we must be united as human beings regardless of nationality, religion, or ethnicity. we can not simplify this incident as a clash. it is an occupation and genocide. genocideingaza
aatma007 but that has nothing to do with islam and everything to do with men, right? if men are cruel or misinterpret islam for their own benefit, it is not the religion's fault, it's the man's fault. it does teach patience, men eating first or not cooking etc isn't a part of islam.
"the problem with morrison’s pentecostalism is not his faith but the secrecy surrounding it. it is disrespectful and dangerous for the pm to continually highlight to the australian people that he is religious but not answer questions about his religion." embeddedurl
walter white's chaotic beauty jonathanrheaps via breakingbad embeddedurl thursdaythoughts catholictwitter thursdayvibes catholic thursdaymorning religion thursdaymotivation theology
rw indian twitter when they find out judaism is an abrhamic religion embeddedurl
a biafra that will consider every necessity of life as being a human right not just in words but in deed. a biafra where there will be no strive or rancor. a biafra where men and women will be equal regardless of your religion, their sex, their orientation. 5/
idf what r u doing in their lands! who the hell r u to forcefully take their homes & kill them on daily basis! actually it is what ur religion has taught u because u r those who even aren't loyal to their own book. who have changed their own holy books! shame on u! israelterrorists
iburs17 johncleese you can make the joke, and offending those in power is hilarious. i’m not talking about the institution of islam though, i’m talking about citizens in uk, usa, aust etc that already experience loads of racist hate for their religion, and how cheap jokes empower that hate.
new religion just dropped embeddedurl
puntingl latimes tax em all. if the church of satan can pay its taxes, so can the rest of them. we should also set standards for what is a religion. no copyright or paywall for your religious texts. can't stop people doing it for free. that would eliminate a lot of these scams.
poison_ell uchepokoye ok if you say so...but i thought judaism is the religion and jews are the people???
blewupnewyork maybe so, but religion has them mostly wrong. *a grin* for one, they don't know we like ice cream.
rabindranath is the essence hidden in a love letter, or in kiss or in a mother's embrace, or father's worry. the beauty of unnamed relationships of passion, friendship and envy. rabindranath is the right opium of the masses in bengal not religion. wbtmcpofficial
nickmercs activision filistine is not alone. it is everyone's humanitarian responsibility not to remain silent to this cruelty without discriminating between language, religion and race. heargaza genocideingaza
rautparody61 i am indian first after hindu. i respect all religions and castes. when patient needs blood in hospital, doctor checks blood group only and does not see any caste and religion. embeddedurl
jihadwatchrs motive was to establish peace ....what kind of moron dont yet understand that islam is religion of peace.
oh, ryuho... for a "religion" that claims to want to spread happiness and utopia, you really do like to discriminate marginalized groups of people, huh? embeddedurl
“music is my religion.” - jimi hendrix embeddedurl
avfc_religion liverpool did the same vs utd i’m pretty sure
europe france bergerac travel food nature religion people emotion shop fashion market history sergeykorenev embeddedurl
marclamonthill 4noura i don't know how liars like marc lamont say it's not about religion,when the major dispute over jerusalem is that jewish temple was built there to symbolize judaism. al aqsah mosque was purposely built over ruins of jewish temple after arab conquest and it's their 3 holy site.
every human's life matters, irrespective of his religion, cast or creed. stop creating deference amongst people intensionally.
ap craryap keep your religion out of my vagina , you fckn arseholes .
exactly and i would like to understand why.. no other religion would tolerate and recieve the hate we get embeddedurl
youngsubkk no i didn’t say he wasn’t. i’m just referring back to your first tweet on how you said no evidence on jesus, when you could maybe find more evidence on jesus and the bible than other religion.
is religion the enemy of the people? “they say there's enough religion in the world to make men hate each other, but not enough to make them love.” ~louis cyphre~ embeddedurl
shysassy_girl harfanmaullah profvemsani the cases of untouchability outside india is not wide spread and not long lasting how many of the examples you had mentioned is based on religion and god ? ...contd
flowersenglish mailonline she 's dosent care she hasnt the same passion like the true british patriotic , some of these young men are from her own background their religion an roots ,boris is sticking up his turkish roots now , what a fu-king piss hole our countrys becoming ,:hear-no-evil_monkey::speak-no-evil_monkey:goodbye briton gone.
rossamc take religion out of state schools altogether. leave it for a sunday or whatever day is considered “special”. children need to see each other as people, not catholic, protestant, muslim or increasingly of no religion.
clear communication and compromise will be required in order to move things forward in the right direction. •old mirrors, religion, fashion, sunflowers, red, yellow, tulips, kundalini, alcohol, opposites attract, sunrise, one foot in, fire placements•
chanchanpool to mene b joke mara bas isme teri gnd kyu kilsi jo tune mere cmmnt ka rply diya or diya to thik usme bhi tu ye bhi tu galat ka saath dera h or vese tu sab religion ki respect krta h wah ye kehkr tune apne apko acha bnadiya jo ki tu nhi h
in what religion does god tell a grown man to slam a teenage boy against the wall and then kick him in the testicles? the republican kind of religion? embeddedurl via huffpostpol
atahasnain53 yashmor5 what kind of question is this yashmor5 ? when one earns indian army uniform he is neither doesn’t belong to any faith from there on. irrespective of their religion we are indians first. jis din wardi utar di.. uske baad you can ask such questions.
do you think bowenbbc jews need you to tell them what to read about their own religion? can you appreciate how patronising you are? embeddedurl
gus___fring abolfazlelabas realminiaoc attacking a religion because of a group that sold its religion and its people, therefore, is unreasonable
not many studies have been done on the mudjars period in spain when the christians reconquered al andalus, especially on how the moslims then conserved their religion. many lessons can be learned from there who can be relevant for nowadays moslims in the west. embeddedurl
is this how we want to raise our future generations!!!??? to kill a beautiful creature that god created!!! is this what religion teaches us!? tomorrow they will learn to kill each other’s!!!! we are creating monsters with no mercy and no kindness!! we need a change! kurdistan embeddedurl
i m indian and i too stands for palestinians because i think to save humanity doesn't matter from which religion we are westandwithpalestine westandwithgaza embeddedurl
i am sure nupursharmabjp knows about the vedic practice of shvan (dog) samadhi in which dogs are fed the dead bodies! shame, utterly shameful! using your religion to cover your incompetence and failure. embeddedurl
johnqpublic777 linguinelooking zaaas_ quicktake freedom of religion is what in the constitution. educate yourself, islam believes in all religion and books from allah/god. this includes christianity and judaism and all messengers and prophets. zionist is not a jew. they just want you to believe so. it is a political movement.
ayushwalia15 santosh63368477 why you hindus always interfere in our abrahamic religion matter....???? 1st see your religion how bodies throwing in chambers,in river ponds...
spring 2021 commencement // school of nursing, school of religion, division of adult learning ourcog embeddedurl embeddedurl
justice shouldn’t see nationality, race, tribe, or religion. it only sees humanity. there is no such thing as selective justice. shame on those powerful nations that claim to be a symbol of justice and yet remain silent when it is in their interest to do so.ghazaunderattack
allicrain as far as i'm concerned, all forms of race- or religion-based hatred are wrong. damn, people. this shit is just plain stupid.
shuklapinku guptaprakashr sanjay singh koi mufti hai jo gyan de raha hai on religion of peace per, he better read vedas or geeta if he is hindu
aoc 1/2 you seem to not understand why israel is a country at all. for thousands of years they have chanted death to jews in the streets in an attempt to completely exterminate our people and religion. israel was supposed to be a place safe for the jews after we lost 6 million people
funshographix nigerian youths are probably the most senseless youths in the world at the moment. instead of tackling the source of a problem( bad governance, wrong mindset of leaders, abuse of public offices and funds) they are busy fighting each other in religion and ethnicity.
charanjit name charanjit generally means one who has won over the lord, is of indian origin, name charanjit is a masculine (or boy) name. person with name charanjit are mainly hindu by religion. charanjit, babynames babynamemeaning kidpaw embeddedurl
good, since oberry traitor, stopped funding to catholic schools, but pushes his religion only,
beingshabazkha1 taran_adarsh even naveen polishetty will slap u in real life. say this in front of him.. .. follower of a mrderr... may be religion of peace follower..
fondofbeetles cattyart1 the same biological tests that can prove without question which religion (or other nonsensical belief) someone follows, obviously. "observe, under this mri we can see this individual is a typical libra".
dj_switchaholic in nigeria, which religion brought in terrorist into the country dj_switchaholic? this people are just problem to the world.
el_mozaffer thesonderous achillezz__ agabaai i do not tend to question one humanity but i will certainly question about religion embeddedurl
beagleforpres baldermanmd weird_culture vp jewish is an ethnicity and a religion which cant be said of catholics.
of course thomas jefferson that rewrote the torah book and turn it to a christian/ catholic religion understand the message. that why i'm am not a christian/ catholic religion yo. i'm am a spiritual black hebrew israelites no religion gospel revolution preacher yo. apostle embeddedurl
you need to understand!!!!!!! its not about religion!!!!!!!!!!! embeddedurl
.ruhleonmsnbc israeli zionistapartheidhasbaranonsense has created theignorantamericans (racists)equating zionism wi religion(jews) zionism is a fascist political ideology- -palestinians r semites itstheoccupationstupid antisemitism 2state2late 1democraticstateofpalestine embeddedurl
pun_starr now which religion is in danger now?
المسجد_الأقصى alaqsaunderattack savepalestine palestinianlivesmatter bbcworld cnni unhumanrights hrw un antonioguterres potus does this look like clashes to you when its clearly an act of terrorism if some muslim community had done this to scared place of any religion embeddedurl
religion, law, usa: 8 (north american religions) embeddedurl
cbcalerts dead in the name of religion, nothing wrong with faith, but seriously , common sense is in jeopardy !
yoonism is better than anything and any religion you have ever believed. the feeling of worshipping and serving the one and only true god goddessyoon2 is unlike anything else. surrender everything now, all will eventually fall dow before her. start your new life a yoonist. embeddedurl
we are reliable and available 24hrs to write or do your class work. dm us for; case study philosophy pay write pay paper dissertation essay due homework religion maths psychology mathematics chemistry geography revision kindly dm us now. embeddedurl
i could just cheat on this religion test but eh i don't wanna
yes.he is noutanki he sailed in the name of religion and nationalism. embeddedurl
peggys_page sendyuseni jakewsimons in the beginning, god promised it to the true jews (who worship god without a partner (like muslims nowadays)), but they distorted their religion and deny the blessings of god, so god punished them and replaced them with a people other than the religion of islam
ugraroopasya jihadwatchrs religion is after all nothing more that parasitic organic software virus that prevents its host from evolving.
natinfrayer moh31191 juliajassey please carry on searching for ways to mentally legitimise land theft, ethnic cleansing, apartheid, making people carry ids to set them apart from you & believing yourself superior to another human being simply because of your race, your colour or your religion. it’s been done b4.
ixavieruncle true. they claim a country based on religion and force people out of their homes. same as the islamic state people know as terrorist
no, i like learning about religion but i myself have never been very religious embeddedurl
free speech isn't hate speech being a fair country doesn't include calling people to rape, attack or discriminate based on race or religion education should be fact based not state approved judges should be independent we're not part of hitlers army, let's not act like it
ksareen30 sad part is these confused hindus don't want to check back and forth. they just go with the flow. there's a guy babu gogineni in telangana. he claims to be atheist. his job is to poke into hindu religion and target sadguru. unfortunately he is a hero in tv also
this is the reason i will never fully associate myself with this fandom. you stan a group that has spoke at the un about speaking up no matter race,gender, religion or sexuality. but once people need your help you stay silent, because your faves are more important. embeddedurl
'janette's tale' ***** reviewer's comment:- ‘this story heavily features worship of the goddess and delves into persecution of followers of the old religion...' read extract- embeddedurl buy- embeddedurl softcover ($14,99) / kindle ($2,99) - free on k u. embeddedurl
religion is unnecessary. god may exist or may not. per descriptions of who “he” is from many religions, i don’t find “him” interested or involved in the affairs of mankind. embeddedurl
"given your job what's the worst thing you've seen?" "spite cremation" what? "literally cremating a loved one to spite another living person whose religion forbids it" literally evil shit
elainem11584892 sex and religion has always been a two sided coin.
even if you hide the truth and don't answer, the only truth is that israel committed genocide. along with the palestinian country, the oppressed will win, regardless of religion and language. italyinturkey embeddedurl
davemilbo davidbewart there's a full time religion channel on free to air tv. i haven't watched it so i don't know if it's all hillsong cult or a variety of religions. wonder if it's the same as the foxtel one.
nzllrdzn your pedo prophet who made this comedy religion all are fake ...that guys allah dont evn exist lol
it’s more of a culture thing than religion my parents for example aren’t muslims but from the middle east and i do have more freedom than my sisters had but i still would never tell them everything embeddedurl
ejeenikure ify_zoe you're a big dummy for bringing religion into this nigerians and trash reasoning
somesayparsley times bbc what a lovely person halawa is. she said she never denied the holocaust but thinks it was the right thing to do. she thinks it was ok to murder 6 million people just because of their religion. when did we hear jews say that about muslims most being slaughtered by their own kind
rt rejectedredhead: show me on this doll where organized religion hurt you
first_desi paddy1kool islam is as much a mental disease as it is a political movement started 1400 yrs ago. we can't fight political movement unless we have a clear,rigid,zealous response through a movement to counter and cure this 1400 year old disease.we have to stop treating islam as a religion
nanaimi_ i dont understand indian muslims. i womder what would they choose country or religion. in past they chose religion.
congrats to prof. paulglader & religion unplugged managing editor meagankay clark for placing first in the epa annual journalism awards: embeddedurl
but no scholar is infalible, bro we both know you and i are fighting a 1000 desires every single day and we fail on most of them and you want to discuss the status of great men of allah who actually have authority in the religion, shut up man
humanitylovers humanitylover humanity islamicquotes islamicpost islam religion religiouspost allah embeddedurl
aavilaabdiel mimito2littles gallowglass321 houstonmedia16 gregabbott_tx still highlights that christians use religion as a moral crutch instead of trying to be better people. not a good look, no wonder christianity is dying.
not much of a difference between israel and narendramodi's india. both exploiting religion, manipulating history, distorting facts, claiming to serve a holy cause & driving their followers insane with hatred and a horrifying sense of impunity to kill & torture whoever opposes embeddedurl
winniekiiza citizenreportug yes ,fdcofficial1 is really wonderful, you have to trust us with power. actually you can look at gender balance n our party. we really respect women and religion
rt marwaabdelati: if we were taught to believe in religion and god out of love instead of fear so many of us would be doing a lot better.
the characters are all interesting and smart... depicts the changing role of women in the religion and political chaos of today.... very appealing. deborah's number: a bank heist mitzvah (the torah codes book 3) embeddedurl writingcommunity embeddedurl
unsubtledesi i would suggest you read hitlers biography and understand the horrors in the name of religion he committed. you are following the same path.
aoc i'm anti-israel cuz the us been sucking their dick for decades, billions of $$ to them every year. but how is being against israel antisemitic? i mean, judaism isn't a race. jews aren't a race. it's a religion which, like all religions, should go tf away.
thepuppyturtle ...particularly without the consent of the people practicing that religion (and those who practice it as part of their culture, identity, etc) is not good and works to erase those cultures. let people choose their religions or lack thereof and do not force people into either...
it’s amazing how quickly covid 19 turned into a religion. or is it a cult? symbols: - mask & selfies with a mask - “the jab” & selfies taking “the jab” - posts demanding people vaccinate - writing on the mask - blind trust of government - consumer of msm are you a member? embeddedurl
israelipm capture there land send hamas to serve jihaad in arabs countries they will accept them in there country convert each muslim in israel to your religion that is only way to stop jihaad
ramadan in china: faithful dwindle under limits on religion embeddedurl
bhaktonkidrishti khelahobe khelahogaya true face of indian government can be read in international print media. public must get rid of religion biased leaders and choose leaders that actually plan on bringing the change in this country. embeddedurl
katyperry we must be united as human beings regardless of nationality, religion, or ethnicity. we can not simplify this incident as a clash. it is an occupation and genocide. gazzaunderattack genocideingaza heargaza
allisondemarco5 bankrvll1 i am queer and yes it does hurt when he (and many others) say that i live in a very conservative place where most people are absolutely obsessed w god and religion. i was thinking about how i wouldn't want somebody imposing their beliefs on me and realized i was doing the same
it's having power that controls everything! - not money, not your looks, not race or religion! not your position or what your work as! basically not you!
rechywest tiimmaa0 taezyan mf i’m not a fucking transformer coz i support islam wdym “what you are and what you are capable of”never mix up society with religion, yes society might be bad but religion is far from it because something was misinterpreted by some scholar
mozatlar54 chanteploire there is “living” rather than language, religion, race! a problem for the whole of humanity, not for a few people. just pray and share that! that’s all you have to do. gazaunderattack savepalestine savesheikhjarrah
rossgrady you mean : the linda lindas also released their self-titled debut ep in december 2020 (produced and mixed by paramore/bad religion producer carlos de la garza, who is mila's father). are the linda linda's the dino, desi, and billie of 2021?
kingdouyealfred nwachoflagos dondeonbeke but religion already states you should kill unbelievers why's this new or shocking to you?
science appealed to me because it replaced religion. ~ eric idle podcasts are awesome ! theinfinitemonkeycage
daredix timesofindia government is seeking ways to divide us.. if religion is not working ghandi will come. need to resist- false news, fake news. recalltheadministrator savelakshadweep insolidaritywithlakshadweep
fezgwayi shirien___ yassmin_a this is all about white western supremacy. israeli jews are just white people with a different religion. they are upholding white supremacy by colonizing the middle east. it’s why they were put there and why they continue to expand israel across palestinian land. whitesupremacy
simonmccoytv balanced coverage of all minority communities. no offensive nonsense around mental health, gender, race, religion, class etc. impartiality basically. think it'll happen?
sensanders religion is poison.
ramdevbaba is using religion and ayurveda just to make money.. he is shame to this country , religion.. never ever saw any guru or sadhu making money for himself. real sadhu or guru are far away from these materialistic things. arrestquackramdev
this and the stuff i've read/watched about the branch davidian (waco massacre) is why i don't use the term "cult" in openquestrpgs divine magic chapter anymore unless i'm specifically detailing an abusive/controlling enemy religion.
mebeyg gobikafool -religion is shit behaviour
karthik48786449 caringsingh prashan16930379 vivekagnihotri bhakt is a for bjp supporters, it doesn't target any religion, jaise you call chamche, but these bhakts are obsessed with muslims, uth jaagte khate pite sirf mulle rehte hai dimagh pe
if you support allah (his religion and messenger), he will help you (in overcoming the enemy) and make your feet firm (during battle). [47:7] to the believing mujahid people of afghanistan, vanguard mujahideen and muslims worldwide! talibanleadermessage
khadaire faizanhamza16 anamrathor ask your bakra to interpret the vedas correctly rather focusing on his own creation of meanings. nothing is more disrespectful that spreading fake propagandas in the name of religion. tell him to shit out of india. who the fuck is he to say and teach us what vedas are.? bakra
yuktachauhan7 subodhshivbodh numbkhopdi meghupdates then how are you claiming it's not practised? per reports its wide spread across communities. why do you need to call out educated muslim?!? am just saying that it's common across religion despite a law banning it for hindus. embeddedurl embeddedurl
i've had personal issues come up that i'm going to be unable to premiere the next episode of pub religion this week. this week's episode should premiere next week instead.
gothytim uberhonda iboyd1966 inmyopinionlol bollocks mate. critisising religion was specifically excluded. plus, saying the pope was talking bollocks (forgiving all jews for killing jesus?) isn't anti-catholic.
amitchowkidar bikashindia248 rigiddemocracy normally a person from any religion wants to provide his family...he works day and night just to make his family happy and keep them safe
biafra is my religion , this is where we worship and we have a very big god!! biafranationnow biafranationow biafranationow
religion what
kakar_harsha ranaayyub sir, for muslims its all about their religion. tell me the one campaign they are running for human rights of afghanistan children, balochistan children, kashmiri pundits and for the minorities suffering in muslims countries. not even one! they all care about only muslims.
rashrox9 i_bobthebuilder andcolorpocket probably religion evolves faster
kwr66 jimdelahunt i read it as humza referring to one religion as being ‘strong stuff’ i.e. highlighting it which is what the media should have been doing for the last 50 years. no slur on jim intended.
allowed for trees, the largest religion in japan, although audience attitudes towards television changed with
realexcalibur61 franklin_graham franklin in context: you desire to know something of my religion. it is the first time i have been questioned upon it. but i cannot take your curiosity amiss, and shall endeavour in a few words to gratify it. here is my creed. i believe in one god, creator of the universe.
bjp aur inke itcell k pass sirf 2 hi mudde hai spread fakenews and religion k naam pr conflict krvaana ..baaki kaam inke andh-bhagat kr dete hain .. besharm janta party sambitpatra bjpliesindiacries
daffodil27 islam is the religion of peace if you never meet a muslim
sarahronan_ it's offensive and disrespectful towards the christian religion to start a tweet as you did.
dualipa nytimesareracis does defending palestinians that r being kicked out from their homes called anti semitic? so why nyt didn’t called killing palestinians islamophobia?! this is not about religion it’s about ethnic cleansing which is done by israel.
tedcruz israel and the jewish religion are two separate things....you get that , right ?
a tribute to my good friend and esteemed colleague, the irreplaceable rachel zoll, longtime religion reporter for ap, who died on friday. her friend nicole winfied nwinfield summed it up: "she was simply the best." embeddedurl embeddedurl
theevilasura mughal_imperial all these guys didn’t have the clairvoyance that their religion was dividing them. it’s still manifesting today as the bhakths drive the wedge between hindus and muslims while china is taking over ports and assets in sri lanka, pakistan, nepal etc.
tmbg13 elivalley whatabout whatabout whatabout. the phrase in its origin referred to liberating palestine, spreading islam through every inch of the land. it's preposterous to think that a palestinian state dreamed by "river to the sea" people would have freedom of religion for jews.
rt kaveetajaain: religion is the biggest curse for mankind
leodicaprio rewild don't ask for my identity anymore. my language, religion, color, race are my children ... hopetogaza kudüs embeddedurl
chew_wanning mooscles are religion and thank you for the amazing fanfics! i’m currently reading your past work and i legit cant wait for ch3 of stab him right in the vee jay uwu
sdrb01 perxitaa auronplay patodeaqualand you are my religion.
islam quran questioning islam - tough questions and honest answers about the muslim religion' only $4.99 (special - limited time only) embeddedurl
indiastandswithisraeljudaism is an ancient and noble religion. zionism is a modern political and divisive creed. hinduism is an ancient and noble religion. hindutva is a poisonous political ideology. don’t let hindutva dictate our relations with palestine. embeddedurl
jammin1111 dada_jaan_ don't drag religion into this right now. time and place for everything. i'm an ex muslim myself as well but to callously say that since muslims in the past did something similar so the current ones deserve what's happening now, is just sick and cruel. have some morality
thegreatprophecies_revealed all the prophecies clearly office3 that jagatguru sant rampal ji maharaj is the one who is going to bring peace in this world suffering from differences of language, religion, colour etc embeddedurl
aarekurunmi take religion aside, fulanis and israelis are not different, they are both dominant and colony settler, they people to claim their land. israelites don't have land.
let religion alone. time is running out, as you say. what have you been doing with your time? embeddedurl
harry con sombrero mi religion i vote adoreyou of harry_styles as bestlyrics at iheartawards embeddedurl
official_sherni itna dharam religion kis lye ..mai v to hu.. but ham hindu or muslim log v hai ham to sab saman rehte hai ..or muskil time ane pe hindu muslim tab koi nehi dekhta hai ji.. dharam se mat khiso kuch v insaniyat bachao embeddedurl
just for the record, israel v palestine is not and never has been my area of expertise. really, the biggest reason i have never gotten that much into this issue is that it’s purely rooted in religion.
wonderking82 it's the nature of organized religion. they're more focused on the old testament with the angry, wrathful god. sure, they'll say those pretty verses from the new testament, but they don't believe them. they'll tell you they believe them, but actions speak louder than words.
prageru science is a better tool for answering the world's problems than your religion dennis
i realised very early in life that the god, we know is a creation of human mind. hence never believed in organised religion. more blood shed has taken place in the name of god than any known pandemic or catastrophic. now please don't troll me believers embeddedurl
religion is suppose to save us not to enslave us.
if you let your mind run wild for a quite sec, you just might see into the reasoning of the men who wrote the religious books cause imagine there was no religion and no fear of hell at the heart of most men! damn, i’ll leave you to that thought
on the move when i do good, i feelgood; when i do bad, i feelbad, and that is my religion. quote: abraham lincoln tuesdaythoughts morality mohammedali lovesimplicity more quotes on youtube: embeddedurl embeddedurl embeddedurl
sumon_deshpremi pallickalbiju thewire_in lancet is a medical journal, the article is about epidemiology. only facts are written in the article. who was dividing the country on the basis of religion? what you sow, you will reap. now no one is trusting this govt, it is all bcos of past actions.
religion is such a funny thing
jonathan_elk northwestfoi islam is a false religion of circumcision, that's why they are still liars.
religion patriarchy embeddedurl
poorquay konstantinkisin it's never about religion. it's about land
parishilton "if you cannot lift the injustice, at least tell everyone about it." children die in gaza where are the child protection organizations? where organizations protect human rights? the issue has nothing to do with religion but rather humanity embeddedurl
northwestdr conservmillen you're kidding right. mask religion cultist are real. they're out there and they vote.
ahmedbhutta011 yogevnitzan you know nothing about it. so stop spreading affairs. there is a story behind it. hope you will read it first and then come here. our religion is oldest in the world.
there are lots of "experts" who predict future of this-that religion-people among other things. wonder if they also take in account what's pounded in brains and then via generational inbreeding-incest mutations?! nature does -- always has! jihadwatchrs
tsp4india 1400 years before there was no religion called islam.
varunsi77769637 naeembzaman nationf18136965 ranaayyub bull-shit. you are comparing political goonda-fights with the lynching of normal citizens over their religion. that this is the best excuse you can come up with proves that you already know how bad the situation is. here is the latest from last week! embeddedurl
agrawalr354 how can only one religion is suppressed by many religions all over the world i wonder forcing them to turn deadly islamic terrorists.
topshatta001 akosuaamoo so if you know you'll subject a muslim to do what is against their religion then why offer admissions to muslims in the first place???
rt deer537: for the millionth time it's not about religion , it's simple humanity!
yoga will be allowed again in alabama schools, but parents must sign a permission slip acknowledging “i understand that yoga is part of the hinduism religion.” embeddedurl
the bombs fell on the children all night. it does not matter what religion you follow, the important thing is that you are a human ! do not accept this crime! heargaza usatoday
any day that religion is discussed on this app, it’s usually islam and muslims being attacked. even more unfortunate, is the fact that those attacking do not want to listen/read and understand what you’re trying to tell them.
thefvckoffhotel cenkuygur except god is not the motivator for either group. almost every religious jew wasn't zionist before 1940s. zionism and palestinian nationalism are ethnic nationalist movements. the people invested because of religion are christians and non-palestinian muslims.
a very happy eid to all. let us moderate our celebrations this year in memory of those we have lost untimely due to the pandemic, and in solidarity with those who are suffering any form of persecution .humanity is the greatest religion .may almighty nature and science bless us embeddedurl
humanity is the best religion humanbeing embeddedurl
gloryofforthe olaitan_maxy obrienthagreat a_nickabugu one thing is obvious, he just jumped in on impulse to defend his religion, he doesn't even understand what the post is all about.
foxnews what race, sexual activity, gender and religion was the shooter, please?
catholic christianity it doesn't make sense to me(i say catholic christianity because it is "my religion") i don't believe jesus is a god as they told us a human being cannot be a god and the "son" of god at the same time, god cannot be a father is not a physical being its energy
sushma_kol theharrissultan shireenmazari1 imrankhanpti first check ur language,criminals have no religion,if ur reference is true,which i strongly doubt,it has nothing to do with islam.u people r simply trying to defame islam.fear god.
rt clahanyushii: yuzu in pink hues is my religion embeddedurl
xxfukinprincess may i ask you about what you believe? not f**king around kind of questions. i would really like to know your opinions. i’m talking existential and ideology stuff which would include religion if applicable. embeddedurl
mohammadhasib_1 see your tweet ..full of hatred ..how you came to conclusion , dead bodies become hindus ( actually most of them belonged to muslims ) ..anyway bodies were from both religion ..but cunningly , you made fun of hindus ..no word about muslim bodies ??
makafaateamal h1nd1t huntersanki day_walker110 if u call india a terrorist state then .. there is no word in dictionary to classify pak or most arab nations where people are treated based on religion .. in india a muslim was president .. can it be in any islamic country .. impossible bcos islam fears other faith
leethough news24 sport24news this has nothing to with religion . it’s all to do with humanity. you’re opinion is based on what international media is telling you. i’m shocked for you as well. being a south african and supporting colonisers???? wtf. backwards.
my new religion, lwj baby brainrot embeddedurl
nikosaliagas tf1 florentpagny amir_off indila please support my religion, my blessing heargaza
gerrerers no. i gave you justifications w.r.t. the satisfaction of justice & the available evidence. and you have not refuted any of them. i might go further by justifying the trinity and the truth of the christian religion w.r.t. epistemology and ontology.
zacksmi95369864 anaamikaa9999 deepak_rajv veracious111 i don't believe in a guy who has no worships a religion with extremist views.
vaibhav_vadera imrankhanpti and you used religion in your country to invite 4k/day death! oil your own machine.
esbilgictr i agree because people of kashmir and palestine have been fed up with all these thing and now they should have free state where they could practice their religion
the_swamyji henriettechacar same people are there on other side too ... i am against those who are involved in violence of any kind and i am against the polarization which is being created in the name of religion.
holy moly! eternals teaser is out! i'm sure it'll be a decent flick, but the religious undertones bother me. movies like this just cause more divide between religion so that when the dajjal explodes upon the world people will follow him. embeddedurl
that's not the impediment to development i'd say where religion matters more you don't have to explicitly ask votes in its name embeddedurl
why not invoke 1st amendment against schools (as there should not be “established” religion, there should be no graded curricula); also the 5th amendment (testing = self-incrimination); and the anti-trust laws (wish to establish uniform educational standard)? 1970
back_two_mee lee_mc88 per se, it was still that community which suffered as a result, and many of them perceived it as sectarian regardless of what the actual intention was. given that sectarianism involves both religion and politics, it isn't a stretch to say that killing someone because they're
raoulgmi loads further to fall in crypto then! comparing entities with huge economic value eg amazon, google with entries on a ledger on the basis of price volatility is a novel take, i’ll give you that. good luck to all who sail in this new religion. it will revert to its economic worth
arijitsinghfan_ saffronknight01 chasing_highs bidishapsgs i am well aware of both "sanatan dharma" and "the constitution" neither of them supports your statement of "not allowing" specific men based on religion. first be self-aware of what you are speaking please, then come to discuss. thanks. embeddedurl
actually the zionists are not the original jewish people but the people of the european race who accepted judaism as their religion for political gains. nazionism palestinebleeding freepalaestine westandwithpalestine
balochshozab gautam_abhi7891 harkirpal1 zoya_baloch_ majorgauravarya akbar was not a muslim he started his own religion called din e illahi, they don't tell you this in madarsa right?
[6.6] our ottoman brothers: [the virtuous minister, nizaam al mulk – (his governance, character and adherence to the religion)] embeddedurl
i cant truly express my disgust towards israel right now. no one deserves to be oppressed by a militaristic country hell-bent on destroying them bc of their religion.
snakebadass i don’t want to say ”religion” but *gong rings* ......, aw damnit to hell!
sunil28474739 invasion was not specific to a religion but on a region.what you are doing is to bring hate giving picked out examples
tonymac5 zubymusic you don't "believe" in science, you question it, that's how real science works as oppose to religion.
today im studying about indian religion yeyy
malonebarry everywhere muslim extremists justify killing kafer other religion and if some one stings back they turn victim card -embeddedurl you very well play palestine card and turn deaf ears to pakistan bangladesh hindu massacres copy pushpendraamu rajudas7777 askanshul
beenishjaved hrcp87 samiarqazi you are right pol parties use religion for pol gain, and in previous govt pti did that ill fully.
mariamalibrahmi iraqiibby sounds like a religion ahsggshagfaga
yongkhor1 fear is not a good religion.
“mattathias answered in a loud voice, “i don't care if every gentile in this empire has obeyed the king and yielded to the command to abandon the religion of his ancestors. my children, my relatives, and i will continue to keep the covenant that god made with our ancestors. with
rightlilgoer i don't think this infringes the right to practice your religion..read together with akta penyakit berjangkit..it seems to make more sense..but then again it's just my 2 cents opinion.
andrea_weymouth i did say i was ignoring the religion. the building is beautiful.
zizezkianism or states nd delhi should "govern" all of us irrespective of caste,creed,religion,idealogy etc etc all good things
chrissi52027025 what the hell is all that about? why are these people allowed to disturb the peace, blast this noise all over london and force their religion on us, when a christian preacher is manhandled away for quietly reading from his bible? what is going on, who authorised this and why?
can you be an atheist and a muslim? from growing up in pakistan, to writing “the atheist muslim: a journey from religion to reason”, aliamjadrizvi chats to garethcliff live now - sowhatnow on dstv403 embeddedurl
dialoguealways mileskinslow sjwdebates sofain veryfreshdrafts conceptualjames these are question best answered with traditional theory, not critical theory. critical theory already assumes the answer : racism. if evidence points away from that according to crt that evidence is racist. it’s a religion. traditional theory is what we need
bigeck2281 beingrealmac fu*k zionist israel .!!! .. not those that are true believers of jewish religion
i was watching a trivia show last night and one of the questions was which religion meets up for their service in kingd*m halls and i was like ooooh ooh i know this one i know this one lmao
kivynarisato hmm. this is really hard to say and honestly as somebody who is jewish ethnically but not religiously i dont really know if i have a place to discuss it since it sounds religion focused. probably rting is ok but i would probably say not to actually try to say ur piece ig?
mjavinod its political uncertainty we r not able to get a political report card. we r played on religion, cast & creed that we loose focus on progress. we need to have independent assement of problems / challanges in state & nation & highlight on progress / time line achivements.
abhijeetbhatiya pingujang i don't know which quran did you read.. as i know as muslim.. our did not teach like that except they touch about our religion, or they start first.. for 60years..israhell attack palestin and take their land.. shameonisrael
a7x_m_shadowss evidentialism1 drfrankturek it’s very evident. there was only one religion in europe, and for someone to say they didn’t believe meant certain castigation or excommunication, or even possibly torture. that you think they were christians because they were devout is interesting. oh, and wrong.
i’m sure some of you don’t know that there are christian, jewish and muslim palestinians cos your islamophobia is too loud. this is not about religion, this is an obvious imbalance in power and the israelis obviously have more power and they are using it anyhow. freepalestine
ljpas2 same here. unbelievable. they have found the religion that was previously missing from their lives.
religion is for human but human isn't for religion.
i don’t find anything wrong. she is teaching him about consent. she is also teaching him her beliefs (feminism etc). it is normal for parents to teach their kids their beliefs, most of us where born into a religion because your parents practiced it. embeddedurl
one week until this excellent book discussion on religion and abolition. to register: embeddedurl embeddedurl
ohmicavatar atheismisbad4u libtardmr growlybitebite ansgartodinson a human determines that by which religion to follow. and i think in most cases the people are not mislead by an immoral god but by the immoral interpretation by the people. like i said a god knows more than humans. humans can be immoral but not gods
bashirahmaad is this even part of ur job ? are u paid to announce ur religion program?
shahid_siddiqui those were the days when fake sekularism was over-poured in india and supported a terrorist leader and un-constitutional country due to religion. now we have clear understanding of who is our friend and enemy. istandwithisrael isupportisrael
_libraqueen faliqulhab m_quteishat they want their homes back what does that has to do with religion
poojaakaushal it's not hindu muslim favouritism, nobody, as in no body should be out there in crowds now, at all!!!!!! simple!!!!!!! wtffff the virus don't give a shit about religion!!!!
myrayveness science can make a difference, it's rough going but it paves the way. thank you for trusting the best of both religion and science. rock on with your badassness
beardedheretic_ shann_q0 answersinreason i’d love to see that more too. i think it would help us understand different perspectives better in religion and atheism. my daughter is in her second year of her psych degree by the way. she is aiming towards clinical psychology.
thinkingatheist christianity: the religion of cannibalism.
ryuk1302 balqisladio aimingforlight opindia_com lol, when you lot bring up cows in every damn place why are you rattled when i mention a religion. who do you think started it first? cows are affiliated to islam and christianity now?.
ibrahim55291857 uaguike odudwarepublic professor of religion. as moon no come out, u go postpone am till next year ni. it's a clear evidence that even allah is angry with you.
vikasra06573262 cmohry mlkhattar it means you are treating your patients by their religion? embeddedurl
privatefigure_ the_galilean religion aside. you are a product of your parents not being gay.
andersondrlja our constitution says we may believe in any religion. we must all abide by our constitution, laws & assimalte to american customs.
jhordanhanlon nypost the civil rights act of 1964 prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex or national origin
religion of peace? 2 spanish journalists, an irish conservationist & a burkinabè soldier hv been murdered when jihadists attacked their convoy in burkina faso. nusrat-al-islam, a jihadist group allied to al qaeda, claimed responsibility for the attack. embeddedurl
oh! ye that are not christians, it were worth while to be christians, if it were only for the peace and happiness that religion gives. spurgeon s144
jennaellisesq what you do is called using religion to judge and be a bigot. it isn’t christian. has nothing to do with christianity. you literally cannot be a real christian and support trump. embeddedurl
we are not preaching jesus because we think christianity is better than any other religion but because we know it is! we are preaching the gospel because we know no other religion can offer you salvation. come to jesus now, he is willing to save you and give you peace!
i get mississippi is easy to pick at but there are some states that are just as bad and we must understand that these people are the issue..not the state or the religion..keep this in mind please.
contradiction: he wants democracy regime and civil rights in his country and he reject any religion state which gives rights based on religion and in same time standings with israel which based on occupation and settler and apartheid regime!
nightingale_31 they are a disgusting organization, yep. i’ve come to the conclusion that all sects (sections) of religion are one big club giving you the illusion of choice, one is better than the other, dividing people. i cut out the middle man, do we really know who the middle man is?
youngndharmic rchowdhri shoving fake secularism in peoples throat. did you even read the tweet??? *another religion* and *decided* meaning kid chose it voluntarily embeddedurl
funshographix this tweet is insensitive. why condemning other peoples religion? i think i need to unfollow you because i can’t continue to see such an insensitive tweet from you in the future.
thebiindstar i want to elaborate on the freedom of religion part. are you really free to practice your religion if you have to be scared to be teargassed and shot with rubber bullets when praying in on of the holiest mosques during the month of ramadan?
menatwork_mc american polarised politics? - with added, usually faux, religion for good measure.
canceriankhan11 carbonbuns a selected clown who doesn't make any decision and have to approve from boots is worst kinda democracy and govt , he has all the previous courrpt gang of other parties , nothing is improving in his tenure , he is just covering his failure behind religion to fool us. he's fraud
along the way, two men first met him, one of them said, looking at him: do not talk about human rights, there is nothing like this for you, you just must be silent, this warning has nothing to do with religion or race. then the two men laughed.
just a daily reminder that i hate religion because it does nothing but cause divide and hate
rainbow_dreamly abilsuhaimi you can even read our quran if you want to. this history is long ago than what you have just said. even in out prophet time, he welcome and help the bani israil. it does not state in your religion so i hope you understand why muslim are so mad at israel/jews
humanistmike1 sure we do, but the reality is that we no longer need the christian world view to uphold that morality. christianity also did great things for philosophy and science but likewise both have outgrown religion.
pinksalting drericding congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances.
we finally reached an era where atheists are educating religious ppl about their religion
dekisugi999 nrlnichi tubbox_in_a_box inall07 israel that’s individual problem and do not relate to the religion. if the muslims beat his wife means he did not follow the actual islamic rules. that’s it!! we are now talking about israel violence on palestinians for years. please dont change the topic lol
a beautiful woman who is good looking dark skinned 25 yrs aa self employed muslim interested in a guy: age:above 25 yrs working class religion:muslim genotype:can be aa or as height:above 167cm (preferably) he must be good looking he must be ready for something serious
british ruled by dividing the people of india into religion, emphasising the differences that existed in the subcontinent. gandhi won over the british by uniting people despite those differences. where does our present govt stand? divide&rule or unitingopposition?
skizzer001 chisom99730858 jameso_jamesoul abdoulone_ib try using google before dropping hot takes on other people's religion :upside-down_face: embeddedurl
blueb23748918 presstv zoroastrian is not a religion and present irani are not real persian.real persia hazrat ali (ra), imam jafer (ra) imam abu hanifa etc. btw way at present how many iranian like islam?
having escaped the cult that is religion, i found different ways to cope with the trauma of it. this book provided lots of dark humor & laughs at the absurdity & idiocy of it all. embeddedurl
allāh says in the qur’ān, “and they are ordered to serve allāh only, keeping religion pure for him, to remain upright, and to establish worship and to pay the alms-due. that is true religion” (98:5).
peaceful religion, my foot embeddedurl
johnstanly muslims are more emotional to their religion than anything. when there is an attack or clash, muslim world will voice against jewish nation as a whole, which in turn create insecurity amongs jews. hate politics will work better than any other politics. politicians knw that better
i hate religion class so much man embeddedurl
the antisemitism on twitter is unbelievable. i don’t understand how anyone could be actually against someone purely based on that persons religion. it baffles me
i really used to spend 200 dollars on true religion jeans
support filistine with the intention to please allah ﷻ through the blessings of having filistine as a muslim land to practice our religion inwardly and outwardly for his sake alone. do not adopt any intentions of supporting tribalism and nationalism, or just to "win".
ioannisioannou9 cute syncretic gesture, then! i wonder whether a symbol like that would have been placed up there today, in such a divisive time religion-wise, well, everything-wise.
ufoobservationn those in islam, as well as other organized religions, are not told about the awakening. to tell those controlled by religion about awakening results in their spiritual awareness shifting from the religious leaders who control the,m back to the individual.
angry_burd13 people will give you shit no matter what you post, so just post what you want. fuck em. i’m not muslim either but i say it all the time! inshallah, alhamdulillah, & mashallah are beautiful, positive words no matter what your religion is
these days humans have reduced religion into nothing but marketing tools in order to gain customers or even followers in the case of politicians. it's basically the same thing. appealing to human divinity in order to achieve ones selfish goals. there are no more boundaries these embeddedurl
mossad & cia must know god's plan for returning god's messiah jesus to god's holy land with millions of followers of moses & mohammad proved moses, jesus & mohammad came with consistant/compatible/connecting messages of the same religion from the same god, the god of abraham.
triviafall just want something to act as a placeholder. they just want any convenient factor to create a difference. if they didnt have religion they will just use something else. so the religion itself is immaterial - because it's just an excuse
could akrasia*) lie at the heart of most people sticking with religion ? *) the state of mind in which someone acts against their better judgement through weakness of will.
irvgotti6716 thomaskaine5 while i agree with that, it doesn't take away my faith in god. religion on the other hand.... it's an important distinction.
sentomcotton it is past time that people in this country not allow themselves to be morally dictated to by religious zealots who abandon the very concept of that religion when it suits them. you lost the moral highe ground when you found p**sy grabbing acceptable.
lozzafox 850,000 jewish people were ethnically cleansed from all over the middle east.christian's are the most persecuted religion as per the united nations & being ethnically cleansed also.jewish palestinians had a war with muslim palestinians on who would govern.jewish palestinians won
as it has been for thousand of years. the middle east dispute is about religion, not land by dennis prager embeddedurl
godmorningwednesday a religious rural indian, will impregnate the entire world with religion, happiness and peace for the forthcoming thousands of years. - prediction of mr. anderson about saint rampal ji maharaj wednesdayfeeling wednesdaymotivation embeddedurl
humanitarianpr shawm8819 genderjoy couple things wrong here. judaism didn't exist 20,000 years ago. bedouins are an arab cultural group, and there are very very few jews who are a part of it. also, jews originated from canaan and basically split off from the rest of the canaanite population to form a new religion.
a man who doesn't know the difference between "race" & "religion" is a danger to society if allowed to get into a position of power shutdowntheshortbreadsenate embeddedurl
whatever is happening between israel and palestine, is killing innocent people the answer regardless of race and religion? idf israelipm israelmfa israel_mod palestine_un
i am in the middle of a breakdown breakdown dont worry it's not anything serious im just a bit worried because my art history teacher will probably ask me questions since i most likely wont be at school on monday + my religion (?) teacher is going to read a story i wrote +
parishilton supporting palestine isn't about religion and it's not about race , it's about you being human freepalestin gaza_under_attack savepalestine savegaza savesheikhjarrah embeddedurl
muellershewrote unfortunately she thinks religious freedom protects only her religion & those who agree with it.
rationaletienne austinbarnard45 verified wanna make an official religion so you can get verified? it's been done before, it can be done again. fud will be our hermes. doge will be apollo.
gemsofbollywood aktkadmin this is not freedom of speech. these guys should be brought to books for such deplorable act and humiliating a religion.
irfan11619790 anitakasabe 786786kathy maribaltbharti jihadwatchrs peddling of fake theories wont help kindly refer to two nation theory propagated by ur religion people,caliphate movement,moplah riots, other incidents along with rivalry between jinah-nehru both your words only say ur blind hatred towards a freedom fighter coz of his religion
oshunsbitch arguing with people about her religion
abdulwasiuolaw9 lisa_rose5 realffk christian remain the best religion, islam is a terrorist organization
adilray whatever country,religion,colour,gender u are, has sections of dickheads! problem, british go to india,pakistan, africa, etc you have to abide by their laws,as we all should. when they come here, they seem to demand we change our culture to suit theirs, let's just all get on guys
motivexray frank92618972 inyamaugochukwu adamugarba apart from those innocent hausa’s and fulani’s who have been killed by your community people in the south , and have been forced to leave their homes by so-called people who practice a religion that shares love. and none of your pastors condemn this action.
politicalelle f your cancel culture , people should be able to say f ethno states without being cancelled or called racist anti semite. zionism is not judaism , zionists like you hijack the religion in the name of greed and oppression
primalpolitical what i meant was we exist in a secular liberal society whereby we can legally and acceptably hold vastly different views. that is rare now and even rarer in history; largely (tho not solely) due to oppression of dissent by established religion.
kreigeror4 dalhoumi_nada rogerwaters joebiden rt_com u know shit about ur religion don't u , if u do u will know that god in the turrah forbidden u jews from having a country to the end of time , u just trying so desperately to convince yourselves that u have a peaceful country but u don't u are just murderers and criminals ,
the vast majority of uyghurs, who number around 12 million people, are muslim, living at a crossroads of culture and empire. and because of the uyghur’s religion and appearance, the uyghurs stand out, making them easier targets. listen here: embeddedurl embeddedurl
corinnemissler moralpatriot eugenics is his religion
bigdogdigs wherever it borders another religion there’s trouble. uk is heading towards being the 21st centuries version of beirut.
uniquenesshave1 aramideakinti_ i guess u are indirectly saying that the white man committed a grave sin by foisting his religion on africans
follow the goddess mistress_ezada buy her clips at embeddedurl join her site each day for exclusive photos and clips at embeddedurl accept her religion femalesupremacy as the only true religion. kneel & worship true sinn ezada matriarchy embeddedurl
thegreatprophecies_revealed all the prophecies clearly office3 that jagatguru sant rampal ji maharaj is the one who is going to bring peace in this world suffering from differences of language, religion, colour etc embeddedurl
swaroop33726870 muhammadanep chutzpah_101 spectatorindex we can insult u in every way your sanitiazation your living style and your religion too but our religion don't teach us to do embeddedurl the way brother u need proper guidelines about this verse which u ve read from sahi bukhari.if u want plz let me know!!
123456marx liam7988 formed by a megalomaniac who founded his own party, his own orange lodge and his own religion.
dr. rekha says, "it was not a matter of religion to me, it was a humane matter." may her tribe multiply. this is what the hindutva folks fail to fathom because their hearts are so full of poison (i.e. hatred for the muslims) may we all show more humanity. embeddedurl
alternatively, bc we love angst: i thought i found religion against your lips but it was just a false god embeddedurl
yingikeme geotunde2000 jaja_sowari khalzimo bidemitweets lol. so u don't want freedom of religion? speech? you don't want the opportunity to express your political beliefs and have a hand in choosing your leaders? u abhor a free judiciary, ryt? lmao. u dudes are funny
islam is not a new religion or cult. it is a universal way of life and civilization.
johnezeakolam kunlemessi who's bankrolling you to cause tension and religion crisis in nigeria? i didn't see anybody with gun or boko haram flag flying there. god punish those who want to cause conflict in nigeria.
nothing about religion is simple. ― lady jessica dune
lpackard thenoahkinsey i have more respect for planned parenthood for providing every type of healthcare they can including contraceptives to reduce abortions, than so called crisis centers that use religion as a pretext to shut down discussions about safe sex.
erin_ayoo _posho_ next time read to understand before venting ur anger on what you don't understand. my question was, is that what islam teaches or what the ladies choose to do. i'm sure religion the teach you the deceitful act of using high school girl's picture on avi too
vexwerewolf if your religion is jeapordized by anti-discrimination laws maybe it's time to get a new religion
where does ur dirty tongue/fingers go when pakistan sends terrorists in valley? why do terror sympathizer ppl like u dn't feel a thing for kashmiri pandits? my religion doesn't teach hate,bt bcoz of ppl like u our image is turning negative tarekfatah arifaajakia kakar_harsha embeddedurl
israeli settlers violate palestinian graves in lod. these barbarians have no principles or respect for religion, no basic human decency. israeliterrorism gazaunderattack embeddedurl
haticekoroglu79 koronareport do not wellcome to the capital of religion tourism. i̇n that case ile bitireyim de vurucu olsun.
what an act of terrorism. junta must stop raiding the hospitals, schools & religion buildings whatshappeninginmyanmar may7coup crimesagainsthumanity embeddedurl
religion of hipocrite mohmahfudmd majelisulamaid muipusat kemenag_ri dpr_ri itjen_kemdikbud kemkominfo polhukamri kemendagri_ri jokowi nadiemmakarim kemdikbud_ri na_dirs divhumas_polri komnasham aagym ridwankamil bnptri??? embeddedurl
joebiden “when there is a conflict between religion and science you either have bad religion, bad science, or often, some of both.” - h. p. “sam” wallis
andrew_adonis fact of the day, no one cares about your phoney class wars. labour are obsessed by race, religion, sexual orientation etc etc. the vast majority just want a labour party feee of woke, so that and you might win some more mp’s next time.
it seems u don't know the culture of keralite. in kerala all r educated. from every house 1 or 2 person are in usa or in european country. so it won't be like amethi. keralite people don't mix religion with politics. hindu muslim christians etc all live happily not like up embeddedurl
rockandanchor bryant_selena we are only here to share god's love to a lost and hurting world. we are here to be a light in the darkness. we don't argue religion. have a blessed day
metaphysics is religion without a deity, it is worship without focus
angelicpsalms bartbarber because we think the conscience should not be coerced and civil governments should not favor one religion over another.
if your religion makes you act like an asshole then fuck your religion
do this either by work, or worship, or psychic control, or philosophy-by one or more, or all of these-and be free. this is the whole of religion. swami vivekananda embeddedurl
now you see why most of those first world countries are little to none religious. religion was meant for the poor embeddedurl
what did the apostles benefit by stealing jesus body, proclaiming his resurrection, persecuted by their families and governments, getting banished from their all encompassing, traditionally, heritage rich,divinely separated religion. and then brutally martyred, all for a lie?
// religion didnt he also invent lgbts by that logic embeddedurl
askanshul chouhanshivraj bjp4mp such ppl in the name of covid spreading religion. this is not fair.
ignored_the eoinhiggins_ you can spin it however you want. idc. if religion was gone there wouldn’t be these wars. and people could live together and not worry about whether they are the ‘rightful’ owner of some land based on a book written thousands of years after the alleged events took place. period
melaniedoak jmarrmarr 2/ any one including journalists who do not takes his devotion to his religion seriously are making huge mistakes. both articles are must reads.
therealdefox prisonplanet basically, to jesus, christianity was the rightful successor to the religion of abraham. and not some words generic test. if you call the religion of abraham "judaism" then christianity is judaism to jesus and modern judaism is apostasy. so jesus was wrong to convert jews?
atleast respect the religion... embeddedurl
it is wrong to victimize people for the mistake of being born in religion whether it is islam or judaism
feedfancier agreeing with coldfur. everything good that religion provides can be found or built without it. the only thing religion adds to this formula is a reason to kill. why would any society want that?
saravana_mukesh cmokerala weluverode where are u getting such bs sources and communist govt doesn't follow any religion and even if you say so most of them are our hindu brothers then your point is as invalid as it can get
there r so many islamic countries where non-muslims are barred to practise their religion publicly. is it necessary to live in france if your cultural and religious values are contradict to french law embeddedurl
warringtonrufc what a way to start back!! congratulations to fin, will, angus and finn on their "players of the week". thank you to wprfc_religion for hosting. a fantastic morning of rugby. warringtonpride rugbyisback embeddedurl
sunchilddx satta chahiye bas. sab parties same hai. bjp exploit hindus and oppositions exploit minorities. jo country 1947 me religion ke basis pe create and divide ho uske leaders religion exploit karenge he.
godwinscode thegodinflesh viqtor84 jonasmaduakolam southeastdaily we need to go back to traditional religion. imagine if oath of office is taken at okija shrine or at sango palace.... our elected officials will sit up
rt ravinderkapur2: under narendra modi in india we take viruses as a joke and religion seriously .
muslim people strike of myeik city opposing military dictatorship, chanting that regardless of the race or religion we all will fight this dictator together. whatshappeninginmyanmar may8coup wesupportnug opposeslaveryeducation embeddedurl
thekudermoose davidzi51217794 love how they assume they’re automatically going to heaven and that even if they did, they get to speak to their god and put in a good word for an atheist: considering it’s the one and only unforgivable sin. they don’t understand their religion or deductive reasoning.
icemanokshady ajenglish it's not about religion it's about humanity. the palestinians both christians and muslims are being oppressed and terrorised for decades but the world is mainly silent. those forces opposed to religion create conflict and not vice versa.
christian aid week 10th – 16th may the official relief and development agency of 41 christian churches in the uk and ireland which works in supporting sustainable development, eradicate poverty and support disaster relief. plushlegion christianaidweek christianaid religion embeddedurl
thomaschattwill creationism isn't technically a religion either. however it certainly isn't good science.
if you haven't read one esoteric piece of philosophy or religion, dove into a weird movie or book, and/or watched a baseball game, what have you been doing with your time during this pandemic?
every other religion in the world except christianity have this “violent” power struggle within as a result of their radical extremist beliefs. christianity is divided into catholics, anglicans, pentecostal and many other denominations. some of these denominations are extremist
in every religion, i'm going to hell. well see you there.
rchowdhri hope his other religion friends will also keep fast on mahashivratri...
indians reject politics that is - religion based - vengeful - hate speech based - divisive indians accept politics that is - development based - unity based - citizen based - transparent let all indian political parties reinvent themselves urjadelhi over2shailaja adrspeaks
marigoldie_ omg it's funny cus like going there didn't change anything about me like i personally don't believe in all that stuff and don't follow a religion. i respect religion and that ofc
jefflubar larrystcroix quebert8 repboebert nytimes here is the relevant part of the 1st amendment: congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press... it is all about congress, not private business.
knowledge of self has no religion no gods or theories. just the plain truth we are living in a colonized world that has not changed. in a global aspect we have always been at war. through their psychological profiling wealth and manipulation we fell asleep. globally embeddedurl
what a moving story! while we blame "organised religion" for many ill's in society, there is no denying from that it is these very institutions of religion that step up and come out to the needy when times turns really desperate such as now faith can move mountains as they say. embeddedurl
nour_odeh and yall thought americans had problems. lmfao yall are a fucking mess over religion
charlsieesq liberal_yankee chris_notcapn once again your hang up, the only religion i specifically mentioned was christianity. you’re now seeing things in your religious fervor.
prajwalmanipal what about that other dr regina? i don’t know why i feel she’s targeted because of her surname/religion.
davidbewart nothing to do with religion. it's about netanyahu failing to form govt 4x and facing jail if he doesn't remain pm. and about an occupying colonial power cleansing gaza once and for all for the final occupation of jewish settlers. embeddedurl
ledbyfoundation but why only muslim woman ? why not hindu sikh christian woman?? ap sirf help kro jo bhi apse help mange chahe wo kisi bhi religion se ho..
rt urbanxpat: i don't understand how can anyone follow the religion which has deemed them as inferiors forever.
cryptanzee elonmusk lol, all of them need to be turned into right religion
corruption, religion, ethnicity, banditry, kidnapping, armed robbery, herders invasion and communal clashes etc.... which one is killing nigerians more? any hope to recover?
this is not just a pandemic, it is literally a bio war. in this tough times we should forget political parties, religion and even states. we should all come together and fight this war like soldiers! staystrongindia weshallovercome embeddedurl embeddedurl
ferdaousse xalihalabi buralarhepdut dlepeska canokar i like your sincerity, but i don't agree. erdogan keeps on dividing people via religion and nationalism. and, there are now so many political prisoners in turkish jails. the west doesn't even care as long as erdogan keeps refugees and migrants here, away from europe. sad.
ryan3083654003 zarakayk nickkano90 zafarim786 theharrissultan mimzyvidz apostateali geemme halimasalat nah we aren't violent religious ppl everyone has their own mindset . athiesm isn't a religion so nobody represents us
now ask oxygen, blood and bed from your same caste and religion. good lesson right??
adrieliahu idf idodaniel they invite outsider come in to palestine.they start dealing with america.israel start zionist,killing,threating people in palestine to kick out them until they scattered everywhere. that’s why certain people against israel. because its about humanity and justice.not religion.
to resolve the israeli & palestinian ongoing conflict religion has to be banned & america stop providing israel with $3.8 billion of weapons & $8 billion in loans. israel compelled to comply with un resolution on occupied palestinian territories. simple, get on with it please.
ihhgenc you like religion instead of motherland. your sky books say kafir is wajib ul qatl .you like darul islam instead of darul harab .your islamic country treating minority as animal . you crush minority when you grow majority.then we don't support your pelestine matter embeddedurl
get seungmin out of ur dp ur fucking disgusting. stop tryna play the victim when palestinians have been under attack for decades. chatting shit like your people haven’t been persecuting them and their religion because of your greed and hatred. embeddedurl
prezzverde manish_m2news manish is asking about religion not human shaped person. i guess.
augustus comte said it already, "religion is the opium of the masses" embeddedurl
therefore it is more evil to rebel than commit murder, rpe or assault & battery. stories of heroes, heroines & underdogs aren't allowed, to avoid daydreams of rebellion against an authoritarian figure or order. all religion is strictly forbidden. the state is the highest entity.
suhailf qadeer313 gulbukhari no one is trying to impose anything. i may be wrong but it seems that you are just trying to find an escape route to a religion free life. may allah bless us with wisdom.
oh my god my religion teacher is talking abt the bts meal
stupidity is trying to deny your religion just to please your crush on twitter or to join the woke community... you don't want to look like you're too spiritual, so you drag god's name in the mud because your crush doesn't vibe with your beliefs. verified olodo!
graphic content: gareth brookes on medieval religion, mass hysteria and syndrome. here, he talks medieval religion, margery kempe, coronavirus and the … the post graphic content: gareth brookes on medieval religion, mass hysteria and... embeddedurl
jeffreyguterman there are extremists in every religion.
three arms of government executive..headed by a northern muslim. legislature..headed by a northern muslim. judiciary..headed by a northern muslim. no multi ethnic/religion country like nigeria can progress with obvious injustice and unfairness. fix nigeria.
imkimaaron geraldpayne25 nadsshoes tanya_terrell1 patricktheb jerryhelton14 megavolt1 impeachqueen manchestermelly thecoapodcast anthonyt2_mufc thewestonmike pg13scottwatson peterfi98279139 odktiger jatapps wpcguy malo_j htownsmitty friendof_darwin aaron23582125 nelsonmkerr umfpt jools6691 scientiapercept haircutspock myhighhills deanomartino1 tklforgiven brough_joshua cern_lxxl tarbosaur leanneaf takethatdarwin naturalbatheist atheist_1978 abranesample terrenc58307664 lindaz333 commonsensejan canna420uk smokeystafford pauldubuisson rjdownard infinitelymanic kaden_harris hazypeter surgerysleeper georgegoulet4 ah_science just like religion as long as you repent you aren’t responsible ... what does trump have to do with this? whataboutism?
sadhgurujv has poured his entire life to the well-being and inner transformation of humanity irrespective of cast, creed, gender, religion or political bias. ishafoundation is a non-profit spiritual organisation, with over 9 million volunteers globally. embeddedurl embeddedurl
thegreatprophecies_revealed jagatguru sant rampal ji a religious rural indian, will impregnate the entire world with religion, happiness and peace for the forthcoming thousands of years. - prediction of mr. anderson about saint rampal ji maharaj embeddedurl embeddedurl
important conversation on race and class, hearkening back to the core of bernie's messaging: the oligarchs and the billionaires and the corporate parties want to divide us up by race, gender, religion, sexual orientation--that is how they stay in power. only together can we win. embeddedurl
in addition to the presidential election, the people must take the city and village council elections seriously and vote for someone whose main characteristics are religion, trustworthiness and honesty, and who can be useful for the country and islam. حماسه_خرداد
al_felid not even going to troll such scum. i've got much better things to do with my time. aur haan, religion ke liye sirf rw bharatvarsh ke dimaagh main hai, israel main to qatai nahin. it's about territorial ambitions, backed by us power, that's it. nothing else.
the article and special section is published by international journal of religion and many thanks to our valuable contributors jeffrey haynes pehenne sariya cheruvallil-contractor and jonas otterbeck embeddedurl
lisacongo jakers84010 joeblow58869422 gunnermcgrath i don't blame you. i was a bit bothered, but not irate and tried to have a conversation. that has clearly gone sideways fast. these are the types unfortunetly that scared me off from religion for years and i was disgusted by the church. despite going my own
childrenstable fred_guttenberg what? that is an insult to any religion to say asking to free people from oppression and injustice is oppression itself. what a silly argument.
lhyunjaemirae ig they forget every single human in the world, regardless of age, race, religion etc have a chance to be educated & learn something. they're just denied the words from god to his slaves to keep educating & learning because his knowledge is very wide... so let them be..
hey y’all did you know you can be pro-choice but still be pro-life for yourself! that’s how pro-choice works :) you let each individual choose for themselves because it is their body and not yours ;) also not every women is religious. don’t being religion into this &lt;3 prochoice
waqqas_waien umarcheema1 all things mentioned in your comments are related to religion should be adhere as per you religion s teaching.....when you have to fight with your enemy should be as per your strongholds.......our stronghold is gurila war so to aviod your weak hold some thing can b compromised
ajaysha17977479 anonymously1248 ndtv i am hindu and i respect my religion more than anything along with other religion .. i never said not to celebrate.. but decorating temple/masjid/gurudwara woth tons of flowers is just wastage. particularly in current situation where every rs can make big difference to others ...
feyn_13 krishnanoice nariyal_anna yes.. and this problem is with hindus majorly.. many of us think it is uncool to speak for our religion.. that is why mc kode (read mc as its litral meaning) was able to say things about our gods and people around him were laughing..
why only for hindu saint ?? is it wrong to protect the country and religion or is it wrong to serve society? after all, what mistake is being punished to innocent 85-year-old sant shri asharamji bapu ?? now justice for bapuji is very important. अब_तो_रिहा_करो embeddedurl
ladybrexiteer ciolfilicious1 if a lone catholic is convicted of an act of paedophilia it's a widespread problem within the religion. if a muslim grooming gang is convicted it's an isolated incident and again not representative of the religion as a whole. see the pattern? we are already lost.
richard09100640 jattaamna she is being sarcastic with these tweets, kinda making fun of religion by playing opposite poles. allah hidayat de ham sab ko
mayoroflondon come for a holiday and see this. if you are jewish be prepared to be abused & attacked for your religion. especially under this mayoroflondon sadiqkhan no condemnation of the jihadist drive throughs like you see in iran. instead theres videos of metpoliceuk high 5ing them! embeddedurl
it's not about religion, it's about humanity embeddedurl
totalmannen nahal0211 gunnerpunner i'm aware of that, and the other places too; i live close by. but that doesn't make it an area of any given religion and their followers. i think we can agree that the mosque a little further down by regent's park doesn't make that area muslim we should avoid ghettoising by name
so the new york times is a woke joke now, and the church of wokeness is a false religion (cult), as the inmates are running the asylum ("when speech got digitized, the public square got privatized, and the first amendment got euthanized."-david sacks): embeddedurl
lishuanghu1 theinformation apple we were the first country to stop slavery and we’re gonna be the country to stop your dumbasses from enslaving people because religion and speech isn’t free in china. sad you have to re educate people because they don’t need your murderous government
hajareshreyansh satishacharya when something is going wrong, then it must be spoken of, irrespective of religion.... no religion is above humanity whether it be hindu, christian, muslim or any other religion!!
whenever someone criticizes zionist terrorism, israelis always play the ww2 victim card or the antisemitic card. but anti-zionism is not anti-semitism. zionism is an extremist ideology & judaism is a religion. israeldontrepresentworldjewry stopisraeliterrorism savepalestine
palitana temples of jainism, located on shatrunjaya hill in palitana, gujarat, india. 863 marble-carved temples are spread in nine clusters; some vast temple complexes, while most are small. this is adinath temple: beautiful architecture & exquisite carvings religion travel embeddedurl
benshapiro so if palestinians want the whole israel according to hamas and jews dead like their leader said in a video. means we can't visit the holy land because of a religion that came after judaism and christianity? we will be treated as christian minorities in islamic countries?
school faces criticism after head describes palestinian flag as a 'call to arms' no school should ever seek to indoctrinate the children with political views created by psychopathic adherents of a disgusting religion of violence.
notice how all of these kids are under 18? it’s not about religion anymore it’s about humanity. remember their names embeddedurl
mrdominax jeffmakvs big_beta_sensei i recommend the book sapians. there is a chapter about the birth of religion that is really interesting. in larger group, humans need a common belief to have a sense of purpose and belonging. atheist/agnostic is worthless to me, we all need something to believe in to carry on ;)
yojackieee this law allowing drs to object has been about since they first made abortion partly legal. it’s in the same act that gave us the right to abortion - the abortion act 1967 & the multiple anti discrimination acts would prevent a dr refusing care based on colour or religion
good morning tigray: a holy land land of religion sacred land land of mystery land of hymns land of st. yared keepers of the faith home of the ark of covenant land of resilient land of perseverance land of fair & just land of heroes blessedsunday ብሩኽ ሰንበት! embeddedurl
a1000slaps stonemover3 to_trenaki manmilk2 damn could you christians stop making your religion look bad? like ok, i get it, your bible is telling you that lgbtq people are evil, but you don't gotta be a moron about it. in your eyes the real world is the heaven, so just let these people be and repent their "sins" later
one is free to have their religious belief that a man may become a woman. however, one is not free to impose that religion and its sacred words “he” & “she” into to the mouths and minds of others that deny your religion.
witheringenigma it reminds me of an episode in family guy where stewie was comparing the world if religion never existed. and the one where religion never existed was advanced in science and technology, etc as compared to the world where religion existed.
frittersandclam that’s very true, tho i just watched a behind the music doc on losing my religion that brought it all back.
finally got convinced to get back into rogue company and i gotta deal with people shooting through walls. one day ima put the video games down and pick up a new religion
berlin_andrez b_anchit vijju_truth bharadwajspeaks oh please! i am from andhra. here we r seeing what happens when a good % of ppl become cs. stop ur bs abt harmony n living together. they think religion is a personal matter? really? this is a joke. ur place in heaven depends on how many ppl u convert!
human life is gradually becoming nothing... so much killings and bloodshed .. in a country that practice religion more than those that even brought the religion sef .. oluwa o
bradhuston goldsilver_pros i have no issue with bitcoin the asset, my issue is with bitcoin the religion.
nickadamsinusa trump cult member says guy who is trump’s hero (because he is able to keep winning elections even under indictment) is a super guy because he able to remain in power while lying and killing people to remain in power. religion is a horrible idea
2nd day at the gym with the boys and now i’m somehow the advocate of every single religion. ever.
radical islamists are targeting a pro-israel facebook site, the jerusalem prayer team, which is the largest pro-israel facebook site in the world, as well as the largest facebook site on religion in the world, with 78 million followers. embeddedurl via cbnnews
forget about other religion, even they do not spare their own religion brothers and sisters including small kids. they killed 60+ innocent girls children in kabul last week. so in human. embeddedurl
uyghur journalist: ‘the chinese government sees any religion as a threat to its rule." her mother, father, brother, and more than 20 relatives are detained in “reeducation camps” in xinjiang. cnalive embeddedurl
mmcminty both religion and politics need people to fear and obey, not simply believe. how else do you get the masses to pay so much in taxes and leaky roof funds. embeddedurl
netan_yahoo xeltigerx rashmirulz4ever itsvs98 nambeeshan1 chaitanya5 decimatechnolog brindaadige abe gadhe, more hindus have died in this pandemic than any other religion...sure they have tasted blood but thats their own...
i wish we never had religion in nigeria thats why the leaders are misbehaving, they should stop swearing them in with bible/quran they should go and swear with ogun, amardioha, ayelala,shopono and esu let’s see if they will misbehave.
rt thetweetofrhea: religion poisons everything
you are such a moron who failed to glorify your faith without criticising others. i have never seen any other faith (except sanghi hindu's) to abuse or criticise any other religion to prove themselves. you are itself proving that you belong to a very weak faith or religion. embeddedurl
you have to separate tales that control our minds from realities. you have clearly been mind controlled by religion. embeddedurl
this is not an issue about the religion. this is an issue of survival. don’t give this a communal angle. check the history. palestinebleeding embeddedurl
enefolalevi daily_trust is that why you run from your traditional religion and joined christianity ?
furbyfridays ok actually i do have an inkling. it's possibly shinto because iirc yes there is a whole thing about rainbows (but irl weather phenomena? showing up in religion? never heard of that before /s), but i don't specifically remember this belief soooo.
vybezradioke deejaypatiz browngalnessa ghetto religion ikuom through
redistribution of wealth, loss of free speech, disarming the population, attacking religion and religious freedom—this is systemic socialism. it's what joebiden and the dems are trying to implement right out in the open. read more in my newsweek op-ed: embeddedurl
claireisrad there were also a few months in 2013 i thought i found a branch of my family tree in eastern europe. but no. i do not get to claim jewish heritage. and i don’t claim the religion because i don’t practice regularly at all.
vale27798639 shaaadww baset365 islamic understanding and culture are completely different things. most of the time women try and advocate for the rights islam gives us, but men who are brainwashed into thinking culture=religion are the reason we have muslim feminists.
quranfacts2202 the religion of abraham is associated with the brahma in hinduism, but its so shit corrupted that no tangents can be drawn, thank your ancestors and british for corruption of your scriptures beyond the point of no return. evr saw what does your gayatri mantra mean?
franklin_graham joebiden potus religion - prayer without a god. that's how lame this has become. go to church - pray to and encounter the living god. skip the political gods
rt connorrsg: my new religion
ryanfrieden3 nativetaino68 in communism’s case, yes, explicitly, in hitler’s he used a twisted notion of religion to provide a scapegoat for all germany’s woes until people forgot even why they persecuting them; netanyahu isn’t persecuting for religious reasons but he wants power and security
bthreadwell kezshah jonnygould f_munshi__ manutd premierleague fa yes? genocide is wrong, no matter the religion of the victims?
basedking10 hunnyicedt secularprolife prolifeatheist1 if you want to defend the unborn through god only, you should convert people before. that’ll take time, and meanwhile millions of babies are dying. try to defend them through science and laws. use religion with those pro-abortion “christians”.
orwellngoode anything that contradicts political correctness is "hate speech". political correctness is our anti-white state religion of the west.
mormon repubs are just as nasty as any other trump repub! look how utah boos mitt romney, their own senator & last presidential nominee who did not cheat with russia to steal an election!! you can keep your religion & get some manners!! disgraceful! mittromney embeddedurl
gingergano ginger wants to connect! she like religion, politics & . big makeup, big hair & pushup bras. she spends a lot of time on her visuals but has no ig, or images. think she's mitch mcconnell in drag; not who she says she is. so "let's connect", "who agrees", ginger isn't real. embeddedurl
yudapearl davidhazony in fact the religion was not as important in the conquer. only at the beginning. and well allah and yahvé is the same god. allah is yahvé!!!!
quranandhadithh i love islam. religion of peace
thekanehb can't be an emperor with no empire of people to lord over. must of been a blow to his ego that people were literally throwing themselves off cliffs to avoid his new religion
fricules grahamsw levitskygregory sparerloki elliot_potato auntchaotic christianity is the chinese buffet of religion.
how judaism can be a true religion? which religion teaches celebration over other's loss? its prove jews deserve another holocaust. embeddedurl
rexchapman i’ve watched “once brothers” half dozen times. athletics bond anyone of any background. then watch how that team and their friendships were *destroyed* by government (and religion). when they say “that won’t happen in the usa”, it has all throughout history, and can still again.
hakimostudio qedx_ adibahnoor it also pisses me off when men hide behind religion and do all kind of nasty things. sickened to the core.
stalkyboimyers deadbybhvr religion doesn’t have anything to do with this, just ignore it:/ iam muslim myself and idgaf abt what’s happening just play the game like nothing happened.
zubyrrr jishaq1 it does. it outlines religion, region and tribe. reason why we should never generalize.
hedgefundsuit interesting since he argued that we should break away from the science-religion dichotomy and question both, so epistemology, and even move past them being a pillar of western society. that’s a whole debate. his positive nihilism is cool. i like him, but don’t misinterpret him
in c19, the town was a hotbed of nonconformist religion, which appealed to the lead miners. the wesleyan chapel. embeddedurl
v r not ready to talk about us.. everything for us is religion,,but the reality 'humanity is the biggest religion'here people r dying,we are killing them,cant see this,bcz here in pakistan we r real original killer..stop this tweeting about others think about free_palestine
such rapists roaming freely in the name of our religion then boasting about it and rw bigots supporting his acts i’m proud of dinkar and abhimanyu in this recording who stood for women gurgaonpolice what action has been taken against ritesh kumar jha? jharkhandpolice embeddedurl
antisemitism doesn't fit neatly into the framework of other prejudices. like jews don't neatly fit into a single bucket of religion/ethnicity/race/nation (we like "people"-- am yisrael) people have a history, ritual practices, languages, a homeland, cultural practices, etc.) 3/22
rt jordanbpeterson: as we watch politics take the place of religion. once again... embeddedurl
jvanlanduyt drkarlynb not rly, freedom of religion-& lack of religion-has always been a part of the constitution. and our $ didn't always say "in god we trust". "being turned around" u know there's plenty of countries that aren't christian-majority that r not "evil" right? like japan, albania, israel?
dj_skl malachyodo1 religion always do the trick... islamization is the focus!!! let's keep going!
colojen peytonhooten and then look long and hard at this. lots of older folks fall into these kinds of traps. ie r's push for religion in school and even though our parents know that's not a thing, they'll post that stupid facebook meme. next thing you know, qaren mom is at it again!
summit1g please! leave aside your language, religion, color and make your humanity speak for palestine heargaza heargaze genocideingaza
due to the recent development in palestine, i feel like we need to make it clear that there's a difference between judaism and zionism. the first being an ancient, peaceful religion that we as muslims believe in, while the later is a political ideology and a national movement.
unherd katrosenfield religion
when a pastor who's made his billions from nigeria is now advising same nigerians to japa. something has finally gone wrong with religion in nigeria. embeddedurl
ethiopia, established way before 16th century, today is struggling with national unity & egypt, cradle of civilization, has had it's fair share, despite both are monolithic. no sincerity in saying ethnicity & religion are problems of nigeria. just political divisive tools.
rt abhishek_mshra: if virus have indian variant then terrorism have also islam religion.
just_manchild w4cman sabahatmazhar1 fl_working_mom jimlaporta the other thing is that most of the jews are those who left their original homelands by themselves and went to the occupation state, which naturalizes everyone who holds the jewish religion (although it claims democracy) and offers them temptations to leave their homelands.
greece will go against turkey. after reading about palestine from greek media (skai) instead of talking about israel-palestine they analyze why turkey supports palestine and about their religion. it’s not about turkey or religion. let that sink in. palestinewillbefree
in an hour from now - at 3.30pm uk time - i am privileged to be speaking at this event alongside jimshannonmp turquoiseroof tsamtruk and dr tenzin dorjee, on violations of freedom of religion or belief in china embeddedurl
jerasikehorn that as long as organized religion is an excuse to love, be moral, and kind... go for it!
sanatandeep_ national_hindu reclaimtemples thehinduphantom templesofindia_ theindiantemple templetrails ashok_424 ratihegde sg_hjs freetemples adimanav / adiwasi pahale bhi patthar ko pujate the abhi bhi puj rahe hai aur aage bhi pujenge..... kun? abrahamic religion (christ, islam, jewish) are the most followed in world..why?
segun_ifeanyi renoomokri not religion bro, he change their language not religion
the shibarmy has no race, no religion, and we have no limits, which makes us a formidable army. some want the moon... shibarmy want mars!!! nothing can stop us. show us shib
fauldskenneth georgegalloway 10downingstreet you are being ridiculous? so no-one of a religion can be arrested on a day special to their religion?? are you serious?
religion in africa: israel is protected by iron dome. on the other hand, africa is protected by god of israel. embeddedurl
i often find myself in thinking in extremes. where things are either black or white, good or bad. i have problems with organized religion and how it divides people, but i often forget the people it brings together. the idea that religion is both for dividing people and bringing
fidashaw25 vertigowarrior religion and army, both equally divide the people.
money matters but it doesn't supersede the human connection. true democracy allows every voice to be heard, irrespective of bank balance, gender, social standing, religion, race and cast. chandanabauri bjp westbengalelections2021 motivation religion trending winner embeddedurl
it is not psbbschool alone. you can hear alumini of several educational institutions in chennai complaining in instagram. chettinad, maharishi vidhya mandir etc., still if you feel predators are from one religion, one caste background then you are fooling yourselves. wake up.
“do all paths lead to god?” yes. no matter what god or religion you believe in, everyone will still die and be lead to the god of the bible to be judged. the real question should be, “do all paths lead to heaven?” no. only through the narrow road of jesus christ.
greekvikingx i think i wasn't clear 1:i meant whatever evidence or observations of universe or nature is available are most of the time sufficient for theists. then why not atheists. 2:i think by faith you mean world religions, but i already tried to imply that pov of any religion++
we also offer healing for enlarged prostate, bipolar disorder, etc. we also offer healing for mental disorder, anxiety, depression, etc. we can help anyone no matter your religion, etc. we can help you anywhere you are. contact us at our website. embeddedurl
andrewfeinstein all you do is retweet palestinian hamas propaganda. israel has every right to defend itself from attacks from terrorists. religion is the curse.
gooddayvinyl yes exactly!! i dont consider myself christian as i think religion as a whole is fucked, i just believe in the god and thats abt it cause its been manipulated so much and has caused so much evil in the world, its disgusting
bhagawadhari178 nishantmahe dibang subham_rwt singd07 aazad57812793 sahil814 even rss’ hindu rashtra talks of india as a secular country where every religion is treated equally, because being secular is our soul as the national and not just a word in constitution.. anyway aap dono ko hi dubara padho
green cards are given to people, not countries. this is not the olympics. how would the ones benefitting from it feel if it was done by religion or skin color? dv quota already promotes diversity. using "diversity" in skill based immigration is an excuse to support racism. embeddedurl
loquacious_lion mj_007club logicalindianz seriously??? do you find the options of religion to be filled while applying online for the vaccines? what utter nonsense... :/ :/
you give me power in the name of religion, caste, nationalism and i give you such misery that you have no money to give your parent, sibling or child dignified last rites, and are left to throw their bodies in your rivers by shekhargupta embeddedurl
toto29678316 dailymailuk but, still it solved many problem you can think of it. to you is a "root of all evil". but as a person, i thank god for my religion. i took it they way i read and understand it.
lol. let people raise their children with the values that matter to them. as long as children are not tortured or made to pass through trauma for not upholding the religion, they will find their way when time comes.
i support khan sir. he is the best teacher of india. religion and cast does not matter in education only knowledge and style of coach matter. isupportkhansir embeddedurl
the 3 abrahamic religion ar always against each other, have you ever asked ur self, what if your where born into a jewish home how would you have seen the christians and muslims. what we need right now is regions peace. show me a new religion and i would gladly follow the light
ummi_rahab_off teaches us, that your religion is not complete until you want for your brother what you want for yourself. surely you would want yourself to increase in the knowledge of allah wouldn't you? then give your followers the same. set the stage to teach, almanah my sister, almanah.
wereonly7withu my religion getting disrespected again wow :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes:
jeremycorbyn thank you :folded_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: we're not hating on jews we're hating on oppressor zionists. we're not anti-semitic we're anti zionists. this is not about religion. anyone who says other than that is uneducated. using words as f*ck and rape towards anyone is not acceptable whatsoever.
we don't care about race ..religion or sex choice or ya zip code ...just be cool and love god and the universe and you are welcomed here with us lightwerkerz embeddedurl
auron my religion embeddedurl
joesantagato imagine being in nick adams head and seeing one of tim tebows dead bird throws actually look like a peyton manning laser. must be nice living in such delusion. tebow wasn't even a better runner than kaepernick. tebow did one thing better and that was force religion onto tv's
aqeelmazhar6 88downsizing idf guess humans support terrorists from hamas. but then when religion itself is terrorism what to expect from its followers. go thro the figures. 4300+ rockets fired. if 90% were not intercepted what would be result. should israel take rockets missiles bombs & keep quiet
obviously they have no respect for our religion so maybe they should just stop trying
in one (1) episode, i've got one of my comfort characters being a disrespectful shit towards religion, especially towards local religion bc he said he would never do that in a church and the other one being a psychophobic piece of shit i just want halloween stuff guys ;-;
the scenes coming out of alaqsamosque are very disturbing. i am 100% sure that the israeli authorities are not interested in sending forces in to mosques and don't want to deal with violent events in holy places to any religion. radical demagogic provocators are to blame
ironically most of these issues are issues that even morality will solve without the infusion of religion. how on earth can you confidently spend money mistakenly sent to your account even if you don't believe there's any god somewhere. embeddedurl
kingbhopal israel islam is a peace religion. we don't have any ideology. there is some people using the word of jihad and not responsible just for their self. i think you need to read about how israel take the land of palestine. open your eyes and mind. and here, we're not talking about religion.
jkenney ulethbridge imagine if the context of this was replaced with religion choice, gender identity, ethnicity etc.. the university is showing blatant partiality towards a group of people, and blatant disregard towards another group (1/2)
concentrating on reflection and mindfulness today during our religion class through praying in colour. some very creative designs were created using kleki! mspuglieseocsb stgregoryocsb embeddedurl
like it’s our religion embeddedurl
annemarie "if you cannot lift the injustice, at least tell everyone about it." children die in gaza where are the child protection organizations? where organizations protect human rights? the issue has nothing to do with religion but rather humanity embeddedurl
akunnachux religion of violence will end many africans.
patcondell and why london is turning into a 3rd world shit hole,it's all about race and religion.
this is not about religion, it's humanity. pray for palestine alaqsaunderattack palestinianslivesmatter prayforpalestine embeddedurl
rt justzahra5: if hair was a religion, it would be this jonghyun shinee embeddedurl
smritiirani it disappointing why you people are not talking about a current situation always run away to face you guys have only three things religion, temple and castism. our country is troubling due to lack of leadership otherwise it can't happen!
davidbrodycbn do you believe that the president should recognize a single religion qnd its core tenets? and how is your answer to that aligbes with the constitution?
jschanzer this is why lots of people aren't even proud to be "malaysian". there are many other pressing matters that should be focused on within the country yet they wanna defend war and nonsense for others. violence isn't the way to go, neither is mixing politics and religion. sad times.
let’s not forget religion is also impeding process on this country fixthecountrynow fixthecountryghana embeddedurl
‘the weaponising of the eucharist illustrates the extent to which much of the hierarchy of us catholicism has become the theological wing of extreme republicanism.’ politics and religion is always a toxic mix! embeddedurl
this hurts my people praying & being attacked. why do governments provide aid to israel? for this? it doesn’t matter what religion you are, if you are a person of faith or humanity help to end this. not just thoughts & prayers. justintrudeau thejagmeetsingh erinotoole embeddedurl
world would be a much better place without religion. only porn.
_bedroomghost sammyspotreal ddlovato her tweet was meant to be supportive. respect that. she wasn't forcing her religion onto her any more than you force your sexuality onto other people. be kind.
this morning might’ve been a better time for this tweet. ya know, before you started arresting people for exercising their charter freedoms to protest and to assemble for freedom of religion. embeddedurl embeddedurl
yousohypocrite mike16445835 aoc yeah you are, you refer to civilians as terrorists based on their religion.
this is what we are up against. people using "religion" to justify their anti vax bull. i say this as a christian and i ask you lord to take the wheel. covid19 embeddedurl
thattwitchydude donnama80207850 existentialfish television evangelists ruined religion, imo.
stand up for what's right. you don't have to speak up for palestine or any unjust sufferers only if you belong from a certain religion. before any religion comes the religion of humanity. palestinianslivesmatter standwithpalestine kindnessmatters humanity freepalastine embeddedurl
kierkegaard demonstrated that a leap of faith is suspending ethical and value judgment just like bailliegifford will demonstrate how a gammasqueeze is just resurrection and the real squeeze is the 2000 years of religion that follows $clov.
ashshar76260386 anoophilip earlyseed1 both places, people with same religion are murdered. in one place, they have the world's best health system for the master race, the other baths in cowdung and drinks cowpee as a cure for covid19. i'd say there is a slight difference...
nigel_farage the first amendment provides that congress make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting its free exercise. it protects freedom of speech, the press, assembly, and the right to petition the government for a redress of grievances
deusbryant505 secularoutpost thomaswmccoy1 saying that freedom from religion foundation's goal is to spread atheism means not understandaing what even ffrf is, or you're actively seeking a theocracy and you don't want people keeping you in line, one or the other really
"o you who believe! take not as (your) bitaanah (advisors, consultants, protectors, helpers, friends) those outside your religion (pagans, jews, christians, and hypocrites) since they will not fail to do their best to corrupt you. they desire to harm you severely. " 2/8
nickadamsinusa because if you kill god, the government is the religion.
_hamnaaaa_ bilalchadhar59 pilot_satyam i don't give a damn what people does in their country..first thing is..u should respect the beliefs of other religion. but u muslims don't know a single characterstics of secularism. and i said.. no one has problem in india.. sikhs...jain.. parsi.. bodh..christian..
watchwoman0908 morning sadie, title vii of civil rights act you could use it under religious exemption (i’m going out on a limb) that man is not created to wear a mask therefore i will not wear a mask as it is against my religion- it’s a stretch but who knows
you've always been such a devout little boy, clinging to your religion, trying to cast out your 𝕯𝖆𝖗𝖐 desires but now there's a new god a god that you can't resist a god that demands real tribute, and a god that will whisper into your ear... ~your old god doesn't exist~ embeddedurl
actually i decided i’d start my own fake religion a la scientology for money and had a very detailed plan on how to capitalise upon that embeddedurl
_posho_ i’m a christian but blaming the religion instead of the people who should have helped is stupidity......edit your caption or delete it.
rt k_ali40: islam__religion_of__ethics tpg embeddedurl
emily60946744 wb9tpg catopuma_badia tedcruz fb's actions can be categorized as discrimination based on race, religion, and ethnicity, which we know is violative of both federal and state law...so yup
“etiquette, nowadays, often demands of a christian that he should not intrude his religion on company. away with such etiquette! it is the etiquette of hell. true courtesy to my fellow man’s soul makes me speak to him if i believe that soul to be in danger.” –charles spurgeon
joiiiie_ unarguably the best telegram channel free thinker? love to discuss cutting-edge sides to life? religion and belief system? psychology? sex and sexuality? movie reviews?etc. so many real life topics and experiences to learn from. subscribe now :backhand_index_pointing_down_medium-dark_skin_tone: embeddedurl
'my god makes no mistakes': texas senate oks ban on gender-affirming care for young texans embeddedurl via yahoo this smacks right in the face of our first amd right to freedom of religion. i don't believe in your god so i shouldn't have to follow your beliefs.
dkabbaspeaks milan_98o assimalhakeem how is trying to change the religion allah swt honoured us with related to muslim nations not standing up for palestine? if anything disobeying allah will worsen our condition. pleasure of allah swt &gt; pleasure of kuffar
whatever your language, religion, race, stop the oppressors. palestinians there need us. don't be silent! gazzaunderattack israelterrorists palestinianlivesmatter
this is what political religion looks like people: embeddedurl
bsl_triplesmash swainforsenate conceptualjames what if public schools demanded kids declare jesus christ as their lord and savior. because crt as deployed by the schools is a secular religion that mandates state sanctioned racism. it must be banned from public schools.
to all my kpop moots, i need your five minutes to read this thread on what is currently going on with palestine. this isn’t about the religion but it’s the humanity and human rights that shall be given to palestinians. pray for our brothers and sisters in palestine embeddedurl
hello the world? it’s not about religion, it’s a humanity matters. unitednations unitednationshumanrights freepalestine savemasjidalaqsapalestine embeddedurl
joncoopertweets i betting on something sexual. the problem with being a republican besides being a republican... is that you have used religion and moral high ground to persecute every group for years.. so they can’t be who they really are anymore either.. irony of prejudice and bigotry.
residential schools were a horrific stain on canadian history. all those lost and tormented children in the name of religion and colonialism. we should all be in pain remembering what was done. embeddedurl embeddedurl
libertyhangout 8...in short, the bible and religion as a whole are highly flawed. so it's a no wonder why we criticize it. christians have been showing cult-like behavior, this something i know well. i nearly fell into this trap and it even nearly caused me to run away from home. luckily.......
suraj18230060 aimandayat_ hzomlot you said i don't know anything from a foreigner perspective, but you also don't know anything about jihadi. real muslims know the truth about jihad. what you're seeing today is a big lie people put out against islam. so stop saying things you don't know about my religion.
lovinglyprolife so many questions you could ask, like “why does religion have anything to with the death of a baby?” but sadly i suspect this friend is gone in other areas and just needs prayer and a careful approach.
akumarinchan it's not giving up if it's for a greater cause! an atheist turning to religion does not give up anything, they only gain. this is the same situation, there is only gains. no losing, only an absolute win. it's never too late to turn to the light!
before you tweet abt hypborian/stygian conflict answer these questions: - what are the fort tuscelan accords? - name 3 empires who controlled the bossonian marches in the past 2k years - name 5 cimmerian tribes - hyborians are: a. religion b. an ethnicity c. an ethnoreligion /1
i hate the way they use god and religion as the reason why their country should exist. their behaviour isn’t very godly now is it embeddedurl
markbluecheck viralbunny cat_the_cat_cat lots of things would. i wouldn't fuck someone based on politics, religion, etc. doesn't mean it's rape if i didn't know that before i consented to sex.
swamy39 talking on your same caste language psbb affected brahmin kids & parents (victim) complain about brahmin teacher(harasser) to brahmin school (psbbschool, main accused) now tell me which side you are brahmin advocate for psbbissue ? note: don't make religion/caste politics
occupying israel do not even listen their own religion anymore. occupying state that do not obey torah's first sentence that "keep alive" commit crimes every new day. genocideingaza gazzedesoykirim gazaunderattack freepalestine embeddedurl
"this allows a de facto situation in which these committees reject interested residents who are palestinian citizens of israel – as well as other marginalized groups – solely on the basis of their race, ethnicity, religion, or other identity."
abigailshrier larryoconnor here is abigailshrier in a presentation at hillsdale college embeddedurl smart fair scrupulously dedicated to the facts. recommended. scottadamssays johnhmcwhorter is right. wokism is a new religion with its priests and index expurgatorius embeddedurl
rain7galaxy there is “living” rather than language, religion, race! a problem for the whole of humanity, not for a few people. just pray and share that! that’s all you have to do. gazaunderattack savepalestine savesheikhjarrah
antisemitism or anti isreali? would you like to be forcibly evicted from your home because of your religion? should the perpetrators of this practice do it without repercussions? would you lie down and do nothing. remember who started this fight! embeddedurl
yousefomar02 lhssaan nytimes only stupid and dump people run their lifes according to a backward medieval religion
solutionfordepression godmorningmonday in the holy muslim religion, meat is increasing day by day. eating meat is not allah's command. this was stated only by the news saint rampal ji maharajji by proving it from the holy sattexts. embeddedurl embeddedurl embeddedurl
to some people religion is revolutionary, it’s love, and it’s one of their only ways to find peace in this existence. embeddedurl
ayaanaatou hamme isreal se shikna hoga jase isreal apne culture and religion ko baccha raha ha ush taraha hamme bhi apne religion and santan dharm rituals and culture ko bachaana hoga indiawithisrael
jackposobiec robbystarbuck keep religion out of politics.
i have never seen a muslim condemn a certain religion’s practice, it’s always the bad eggs from other religions that always find a way to attack the muslim cultures. ramadan being the major target. but we don’t care, nothing would stop us & we keep growing daily, alhamdulillah.
best thing israeli aggresion has done exposed westrn hypocrisy when it comes to cherypicking human rights violations that suit their political agenda.otherwise fredom of religion and speech is just a smokescren to protect their own interests at home & globaly israelterrorism
guinicolino benshapiro this idea that everything a scientist says is written in stone and to question it is to be stupid is the exact same heretical approach religion took. how dare you doubt/question me!
as a muslim woman, i acknowledge and accept all of commands and regulations that have been stated in islam. however, that doesn’t mean that i, nor our religion itself give any excuses just to validate the monstrous lust of a man. the main issue is to control your lust. embeddedurl
alison_pannell hippiereligious if you do not feel "attracted" to the catholic religion, i suspect it could well be because you (like most people) don't know much about the catholic church, to begin with, except what mainstream media puts out about it, which is mostly distorted. ...
26-05-2021 0934 embeddedurl blastfmrock r.e.m. - losing my religion
white americans terrorized black americans for centuries despite sharing the same exact religion. humans who want to colonize others will use any perceived differences as an excuse: eyes, faith, hair texture, geography, whatever. remove religion and they'll use something else. embeddedurl
mynameswatik no hindu raj or muslim raj its india. here we’re united with a bond called indian. yes we had & even today we have less than half of our population has betrayer among us in all the religions. some betray their own ones, some their friends, some to their religion some to country.
ofpunderful cp24 setting aside the fact that homosexuality is not a religion, how is a publicly-funded school flying the pride flag in any way a takeover of the catholic church?
fuzeb bwithoutbb unarguably the best telegram channel free thinker? love to discuss cutting-edge sides to life? religion and belief system? psychology? sex and sexuality? movie reviews?etc. so many real life topics and experiences to learn from. subscribe now :backhand_index_pointing_down_medium-dark_skin_tone: embeddedurl
my new religion embeddedurl
willowxannie iratheistvoice when religion determines law, this is what happens.
blacklivesmatter endracism endhomelessness religion war hungar
mobilepunch if the religion is not evil why must you force people to join?
and the dark has been revealed by the light. this makes me sick...the greed...the selfishness...the evil!! using religion as the scapegoat...as justification...as an excuse! husband and wife indicted on multiple murder charges in killing of children embeddedurl
bishopoftyler faith,by the grace of god,influence the govt. no state religion, no. separation between church and state
prchibanda christianity is not a zimbabwean religion and will never be a zimbabwean religion therefore it is a foreign religion. it belongs to the middle-east people. we are africans not the middle-east people.
there is no australian bill of rights. our constitution only prescribes 5 rights: the right to vote, freedom from unjust seizure of property, the right to a jury for commonwealth offences, freedom of religion, and freedom from discrimination based on your state of residence.
israel and palestine are not fighting over religion!!!!!!! israel is oppressing palestine and illegally occupying their land. there's no fight when there's only israeli colonization, ethnic cleansing, apartheid, military occupation against resistence. freepalestine
kabi camon17ke john mbadi edgar obare abby james orengo abraham somalia mtkenyamemotoruto egypt senfalhadarejectsbbi christianity dominic ongwen bbibill arsvil nairobi zurunamama africansrising religion proposals ikokazi embeddedurl
cw_janene 870south amen, there is no reason, keep religion out!!!
also, i want to put it out into the universe that someone needs to have a dispute on judge john hodgman which involves video games and religion so there can be a possibility that i get called as an expert witness ok plz
what about morals and religious views? report states that criminal law does not concern itself with the private lives, or morality of citizens that doesn’t harm the public. also points out that namibia is a secular state and there must be separation between law and religion. embeddedurl
islam is beautiful islam is peace islam is flourishing islam is the way islam is a complete way of life i pray we all die in the best of religion with faith and may jannah be our final abode
reuters god/allah/shiv/etc. has never created any country & religion.....these are man-made. one super-power is being addressed as god/ allah/shiv/jade emperor/ahura mazda/kami/ yahweh/odin/zeus/perun/etc. grow-up dude....
"oh nation of millions, awaken to support your religion!" freepalaestine istandwithpalestine deathtoisrael deathtooccupiers embeddedurl
nagarjund arshadrizwan indiatoday always targeting only one religion is not a good why don't you forget others who mingled with the bed scam this guy always talk bull shit... at least shet your mouth if you can't help anyone
rifleman4wvu you mean not 1 particular group or race or religion.
all we are asking is that gey hey allows people to fast uno. it’s not hard o. just fasting. people’s religion
today, this terrible evil is spreading in the society. due to which the hindu girls change their religion. gets married. this is not the teaching of islam, it is not the teaching of islam. in the place where it is written, add forced children to islam. passbillforhindugirls
shysassy_girl harfanmaullah profvemsani in multi religion society like ours . if text books cover the atrocities committed by muslims to others christians to others hindus to others maratha to bengali urdu to bengali etc etc then how can communal harmony be created and nation united ?
narendramodi is there any other country that indulges in foolishness of this magnitude, like segregating universities by religion? you are losing it! embeddedurl
swilkinsonbc this is what is taught to a jewish child by the zionists. we do not have a problem with the tolerant jew, or with the jewish religion. our problem is with the malevolent zionist israeli. gazaunderattak freepalastine israelterrorism embeddedurl
rosefox i barely have space for my religion’s books never mind those of others.
apologeticssqu1 paulogia0 where were you born and where did you grow up? what was your family's religion? those things are the strongest predictor of a person's religion. so, no, it has little to do with 'being true'.
mademanking adamugarba it takes a free thinker to fully understand the koran as does the bible, check out our pastors na every religion has got extremist and they particularly on the life their leader lived
rt skzhyunjinstay8: j3ong1n1 chanskuder this is not about religion. this is about humanity!
chahal_shekhar i don't think changing "israel" with human rights violators would make a difference. do you see the palestinians getting kicked out of their homes? notice how i did not say muslims, because this is not about my religion or yours, it's about home. it is an invasion. like it or not
you just missed rem - losing my religion | tune in now embeddedurl 50s thru 80s 4 decades of my faves oldies
scotusblog i do not understand how so many states are deciding of women's lives because of their religion. shouldn't it be about protecting women and their choices. i would rather a woman have an abortion than have to raise an unwanted child. this could also mean more burden on the
what hitler did to jews is what israelipm is doing to palestinian yet world leaders choose to remain silence. money, greed and power is their new religion. justintrudeau potus netanyahu humanrightsviolations zionist alaqsaunderattack israelis antisemitism
zen4ever2us butterflylove_8 wildpalmsltd if you can’t answer the question either, why are you all here? just to elicit more honesty? you’re almost as bad as religion.
justice4womenjd catholic4choice huffpost there actually is no ambivalence about the subject. i have frequently posted dozens of verses that make it obvious that abortion is against god’s law. however, you shouldn’t need religion to know that killing our children is vile.
omariafrica it's crazy how we've come to see ourselves first as religion entity than as a race. religion is a social construct. race is not. i'm a christian, you are ---. but, we're africans. we've allowed religion and language to blind us from identifying ourselves as one people, one race.
vv1lder abuhilalah freedom of speech in the western media is like freedom within a frame. what is outside that frame is israel even if less 1% of humanity feels injured talking about it. what is in the frame is islam as a religion, even when 30% of humanity feels injured talking about it
the first time i sang in the church choir, 50 people changed their religion.
rt paulmitchell_ab: the covid-religion is turning children into compliant drones.
you’re right. we’re all just barbaric anti-semitic, peace hating buffoons. kicked out of our homes? how anti-semitic to want it back! civilians beaten or killed? why can’t they control their anger!? city blocks razed? their religion preaches violence! same shit as always. embeddedurl
4 min speech of aoc. she highlights palestinian cause in more efficient way than any muslim leader. she did what no1 could better do. tht's y, we call humanity is abv all religion. she stood up against injustice & asked us to stand up. congress embeddedurl
qlxke_ hamas fired more than 200 rockets at israel, few terrorists went inside the mosque used children and women to attack israeli soldiers and this is about religion. both sides are no saints. this war has been going on for a while, please research more before sharing one side story
please initiate movement for separate census code for “indigenous religion “. embeddedurl
thegreatprophecies_revealed mr. charles clarke from america had given his prediction about saint rampal ji -: india would overcome all other countries in the field of science but her fame would be specifically from her religion & philosophy, which the entire world would adopt. embeddedurl
it’s a bad religion to be in love with someone who could never love you...
barrymurphy2 emmandjdesouza molloy1916 so you're against religion, it's not really about integration ?
zekejmiller biden is against law & order, our history heroes, against our constitution, israel, god, freedom, civil rights, jobs, pipe lines, real democracy, against good economy, progress, religion, the family, education but biden is for abortion, crimes, illegals, drugs, corruption,
rt svtcivni: imbecility knows no skin colour, gender or religion, it's universal.
india , the most diverse nation . but sometimes its diversity came in front as critical conflict . this is because , population is much insecure to there religion more than the nation's welfare and faternity ! weareone embeddedurl
cenkuygur cenk has a point. religion turns people into irrational, blind sheep and it’s time to put the religious folks on notice... these folks’ religion causes death and destruction around the world!! (all major religious incl) time for them to get off their fvcking high horse!
zarahemlan1 i love mormons. they are family oriented, industrious, and clean living. however, their religion is made up antihistorical and in the final analysis- satanic. you have to seek the truth about the highest things. the mormons keep their people from looking deeply.
foolonearth1 zidan_yezidi the religion of peace.
amaka_ekwo we want to let mazi nnamdi kanu to know that we with him both back and forward... our aim is nothing but biafranationnow if not all living thing will die..biafra is our religion. referendum biafranationnow embeddedurl
justsay51706948 iromg jacob_rees_mogg borisjohnson pritipatel only one religion is allowed to be preached openly, and only one religion is exempt from criticism
damnn... no religion thought anyone to be terrorist... terrorism has no religion embeddedurl
jordanschachtel we should celebrate and cheer for the incompetence of the agents of tyranny who have trampled on the dignity of our religion. but the death of life is not what we seek, it would be good if the life surrenders and fights for the truth. we mourn the loss of this potential. telaviv
hananyanaftali that's exactly it! islamic and palestinian terrorists profess islam as the religion of death. jews and christians profess the religion of life, its protection and faith in the living god!
sardana had personal issues with abisar sharma so sharma has decided to forgive him. good. not sure if abisar sharma will forgive kasab though. i can’t feel bad about kasab or sardana because both were terrorists who killed in the name of religion. embeddedurl
phuphulenyon thembisile_q muslim (islam) is a religion not a nationality, race or ethnicity. islam does not allow dehumanising others. am a muslim and am taught to love and respect. the behaviour you described is not muslim behavior.
this is because, to suggest that you should serve god and he should not serve you is a lie. you will only end up on the treadmill of religion burnout. refreshwednesday
this man needs to talk to a counselor. just cos you can claim you know everything about a religion doesn't mean you are qualified to advice ppl on mental health. please listen to ppl that are terrified about coping with things. and choose your icons carefully! embeddedurl
even when he lost most of the properties, save for the stores in a market in kafanchan, he held onto that belief till he died in 2005 at 87yrs. for him the greatest problem of nigeria is not religion or tribe but politicians who use the two to cause crises for their gain
cyrusshares humairawajahat reptomsuozzi every religion has it's terrorist groups even the buddhist, which is supposed to be the most peacful, you tracking the iranina regime they also destroying iraq, syria, lebanon and yemen, not to mention iran itself.. there's no religion innocent and they all should be extinguished
f1cule non religious people should make their own religion
this stupid people just know how to spread hate in the name of religion. sharjeelusmani sharjeelusmani embeddedurl
_sjpeace_ because you dont cover both side of stories. you are driven by sentimental religion in viewing late development in palestine. you just want one side to be exposed. unbalanced and biased. to be fair and just... that actually what islam wants. but you are hiding other side facts.
first of all it wasn’t only one verse, there were multiply verses and some even included stereotypes. people didn’t take this offensive. it is offensive. you shouldn’t have used a religion that you know nothing of and you dont practice as your “aesthetic” and i’m sure almost -- embeddedurl
bangtanmuslim well let's not give them attention......our religion is not like that
muslim people strike of myeik city opposing military dictatorship, chanting that regardless of the race or religion we all will fight this dictator together. whatshappeninginmyanmar may8coup wesupportnug opposeslaveryeducation embeddedurl
religion of peace shows its true colors. embeddedurl
unmaskingafricantruths africanhiddenvoices the very same churches currently that claim to offer a religion that will "bless" black people. i refuse to believe such lies. embeddedurl
callum_on_twitr tf is a religion test lmao
cenkuygur since when did you become so irrelevant? your takes are embarrassingly uneducated and ill informed, no grown person can possible believe this has anything to do with religion. stop being purposely disingenuous, it doesn’t help anyone
inhabit eternity where time will be no more. in heaven is more real than living 60, 70, 80, 100 y.o now, death is a decease that kills the body and there's a cure for this - the light whom is jesus alive! in this? there is not a religion! live agaik n see all universe free!
starr1035fm yes i agree with him, we should take cognizance of the fact that if we continue to flout rules in the name of religion we stand to suffer. morningstar
bycottkhansirgs he is fraud try to insult religion but you forget no place people like u embeddedurl
religion "when beauty turned to tragedy and tragedy turned to faith..." "to question what is good (ethics), what is true (epistemology), & what is beautiful (aesthetics)" "the imp thing is less the theory and the stories, and more abt the ritual" embeddedurl embeddedurl
rt curiouscheeze: sassymsviolet yarosisnancy fwtoney then there are the people who use religion to harm others.
rt johankasas1: big buff ladies are my religion agh- commission for friendo from instagram ^^ embeddedurl
this. the religious do not get to make the rules and dictate who is or is not acceptable. there is way more to conservatism than any religion’s mandates. embeddedurl
jackposobiec religion of *peace
alyssa_milano analisa_swan men have no business telling women what to do with their bodies, especially in the name of religion. as my resistancedad always says, there are two kinds of abortion; dirty & clean. he saw the horror of dirty abortions as an m.d. at a major county hospital b4 roe v. wade.
lack of awareness, appreciation and empathy for the baby's needs to adopt the defense mechanism of splitting to cope with their anxiety with the 'giantess of the nursery' is necessary for religion. - ref: h lowenfeld referencing a schopenhauer; g roskoff
christianity is not the only religion to exist ,there is easter ,christmas to celebrate it , so christians must learn to respect other pples beliefs just as much they want respect for theirs saturdaymotivation ancestorsday embeddedurl
thoovalthoppi ashish100686 sardesairajdeep shailajateacher vijayanpinarayi u r generalising . not all religions do violence in the name of their religion as izlam does. so start by saying allah isa dog. then v can cvr other gods of other religion as well.
toepick5 i'm thinking jesus would not approve of their gatekeeping. but then again, i actually understood what jesus had to say and it's probably why i'm not a christian. he's merely the mascot of their religion but not the basis.
every person of sanity in scotland, ask yourself this one question: if the scenes we saw at the weekend in glasgow city centre were racist towards any other religion, do you think this would be national news? itvnews bbcnews bbcscotlandnews stvnews call_it_out_ channel4news
that_gai_gai artsy_marxist moralescompass [i put 'racially' in quotes bc i was raised & taught that there's one race, the human race]; they studied in one of the smaller towns tho, lille, bordering belgium. skin color felt like a non-factor for everyone. religion, on the other hand
pas pris une ride. toujours aussi fort. bad religion - stranger than fiction (full album) embeddedurl
we'll not stop this time inshaallah we will keep struggling till our last breath. as our religion told us "raise ur voice against injustice" we are not cowards we'll expose u inshaallah hecpkofficial ahmadishtiaq we need an ans from u sir onlineexams_su_affiliatedcolleges
political views are like a religion. if i'm interested and want to join, i'll let you know. so back the f(& off!!!!
iamahtesham2 sinha_sahab idf the real problem is islamic terrorism !!! each and every country islam create problems.. civil wars.. terrorism.. so banislam and save people around the world.. pakistani muslim terrorists killed so many hindus.. they forcefully changing hindus to islam religion.
sundaywilly hqnigerianarmy sunday! sunday!!! so this is your own problem now?? upon all the things wey dey make our country inhabitable, na religion and ethnicity be your problem??? you sef reason am nah! ha!!
nengiofficial hi , i am esohe ; your no.1 ebook vendor. i sell ebooks of all aspects of life ; academics, love/romance,wars, history, motivation, leadership ,business/finance, religion,personal development! just slide into my dm with your request and i will get them for you at a token!
today we need to go the issues of politics, religion, caste etc and come together as one family so that we can provide all the help necessary to those who need it and fulfil our duty for humanity. farzmanukhtalai embeddedurl
glenloth2002 the_foe_malign 1teaminglasgow jimspencedundee or better still, keep all kids a million miles away from religion until they’re old enough to think for themselves...
rulezerodad ah, the religion of matrimony. sacred vows should’ve been called sacred cows & they only last until she wants filet mignon, table set for one. every one of liz taylor‘s 7 exes knows the score. embeddedurl embeddedurl
justice_acb ..you & your co-workers have any right to decide any case little lone what a woman can do with her own body, with what you preach, believe, what religion you follow or make up, feelings on any issue. the same with looking at a mortgage application. where i like that person or not
wednesday: the pm doesn’t have time to waste dealing with allegations that he permitted 1000's of people to die, lied to parliament, and broke the ministerial code saturday: the prime minister changed his religion and got married. credit: kieranjmoore
sazzygram3 it's true though and it all stems from what else? religion. maybe one day humanity will look back on these religions the way we look back at greek & roman mythology and maybe then we'll stop killing each other over some stories/myths.
thomassowell90 paulsrkendal migueldelaney nickcohen4 only left wing loons use the phrase ''whataboutery'', as well as ''gammon'' &''racist' in their huge repertoire of insightful debate. the amount of man ure fans crying over city's dominance. all over another racist attack from a journalist who hates arabs, due to his religion
if ur religion and culture....makes it possible for you to make drums and shit from slaves' skin you dont get to complain that it changed lol
hypocrisy123 then what would you do to the jews bcoz stated aim of hamas is destruction of israel n as per your religion u will kill all non believers
maurogiubileo don_lazzara acs_italia islamists are kid-nappers! religion should not be forced, but offered freely. the real god does not force anyone to believe in him. so stop kid-napping!
0_politics2 it is already a islamic country. london having a muslim mayor doesnt help. when was the last time a jew ever did anything to anyone? the answer is they havnt. the muslims are the most dangerous, horrible religion on the planet istandwithisrael bansharia
burgessowens i’m white and i’m not a racist. i give everyone an equal chance to prove to me they are not an idiot, regardless of their race religion or nationality.
stop dividing people on the basis of religion. go & do ur work! bigotedkangana embeddedurl
. jeraonair announces 2022 lineup featuring thehives, offilifeofagony and badreligion jeraonair joa jera joa22 thehives lifeofagony badreligion embeddedurl embeddedurl
otroroboto whstancil jbouie abbott cannot conceivably embody the religion of strength, so even if he is doing best at following through with what they (allegedly) believe in he’ll never be more than a second-stage draw a cpac.
《and his writing reflected the fresh and tumultuous 19th-century clash between science and religion. fans of “niels lyhne” included kafka, rilke, freud and joyce, and wood compares it to flaubert’s novels》
kindly dm us for your math chem essay due paper write english paper pay someone help paper case study essaypay do my homework online class religion book review assignment chemistry dm us ..
it’s high-key terrifying to watch the conservative wing of american religion plunge head-long into white nationalism—& that’s gotten me really worried about us latter-day saints tbh we’re paused at the precipice for now, but absent leadership, members will still take the plunge.
sweetpup7 lindyli elizabe29599604 right, we cannot tax all churches, or real establishments of religion, because we have separation of church and state. there are many who would deny that, but it’s true. seems the deniers don’t realize how much it benefits *them*.
daniel85401173 gazawia aipac na, you finding “cites” to show your white supremacy. if you want a religion or specific ethnic group to rule over the area. that’s hint. wwhhhhhiiiiiiiiteeeeee … you get it. was fun playing with you and “supremacy” tendencies.
redarmyhooligan maybe. but he got a shot at minor league baseball despite being hot garbage because of his fame and religion, not urban meyer. this is hot garbage embeddedurl
islamic countries impose blasphemy. india's constitution gives freedom to practice religion to all. but india, unfortunately has a "secular" constitution that was imposed on hindus instead. muslims have minority commission & sharia personal board. why embeddedurl
so boris johnson has embroiled the catholicchurch in his life of elite, entitled hypocrisy. weddings - divorces illegitimate children unmarried mother u-turns on religion & the rest confession must have taken all week!
lol. ofcourse playing all side of the worlds as see fit. game of $$ nato which aspect do you think will be loyal in the end? religion? embeddedurl
revelationhome religion is systematic and it restricts one’s thinking.that for me is limiting and cannot be regarded as a blessing. imboniuzwilezwe africanrevival
of religion at work david bos,university of amsterdam homosexuality and islam in the�other� zahra jamal,rice university becoming american:
as i look outside i forget to eat the galaxy while i dream of a dimension where peace is a religion
romysandhu_usa killing people because of their religion is just pure evil.
silassez shesus__christ because all morals come from religion, and by religion, you mean christianity.
in all sense of respect and reasoning, i see that claim as baseless and one without any weight. islam as a religion has left no stone unturned for its followers on issues relating to worship and rites.
article 11 of the treaty of tripoli (1797), unanimously ratified by the senate & signed by president john adams, begins, "as the government of the united states of america is not, in any sense, founded on the christian religion." embeddedurl embeddedurl
ibo_mo4ka ruddych08 judithcaleb_jcb evablyn i swear bro, them go run am. religion has eaten deep into the system of africans. even the so called educated ones can end up doing the shittiest thing you can ever imagine as long as its their spiritual leader that asked them to do so. bad.
i just cant get behind a religion that was literally forced on my ancestors through slavery im sorry embeddedurl
reprokhanna it’s pretty sad when the only reason you have to kill people is their religion. does nobody see the irony here?
please take a quick and permanent action for this. this is not a ritual of indian constitution. the allegations by anoop mandal to the jain community and religion is very shameless and they are doing it from very long. take a look and ban this type of groups. ashokgehlot51 embeddedurl
why is the army heavily present in imo but not in zamfara state? why is the army not arresting kidnappers in the north but arresting students in imsu? just why? irrespective of my religion or tribe i stand with the truth and the truth is that something is really wrong somewhere.
people don't look for friends who share the same political views. they look for those who share their premisses, their principle belief system, their implicit religion. "of the same heart". from these premisses political views follow logically.
reuters wake up everyone, you are destroying children, young people, women,the elderly, you are fighting for religion,for races and other follies, man was made to protect the weak, and not to kill them. no child has less rights just because he belongs to another country,another culture
mkhayazulu kgadii_m mathabajorge not everybody is a christian and we don't look at life through the lens of a christian. befire any policy is legalized, such debates must happen vele. i don't think the government approves acts based on christianity. emancipate yourself from the chains of organized religion.
mobilepunch this is a serious problem. why wasn't same done for the christians in sokoto state too? this is an affront on other religions by using state powers to influence a particular religion in a secular country. i don't want to support same in the south but this must be discouraged.
katyperry heargaza it doesn't matter what religion or nationality we are from. the important thing is to stop the persecution of humanity, please listen to this call. our only request is "justice"
_btssm i do believe in my religion but i might not follow all the rules or not pray i go off board
matoria1 drrekha99 islam is the fastest-growing religion in the entire world due to its non-discriminatory nature, no pure/impure, people embrace islam in france, uk, usa and no one is forcing them. nrc reports are there on how they deprived so many muslims, cm of west bengal said in parliament
stargazelle_ of course religion is not a mental illness. believing in it is. embeddedurl
talkradio yes we now have blasphemy laws for one religion, what next? going back to burning catholics, its wrong, disgusting and that poor teacher will never be forgiven by the muslim council.
erikaclark0620 saveusfromgop it's hard to pit reason against religion.
join us on thurs, may 27 at 3pm edt as m. lindsay kaplan, mayte green-mercado, and rachel schine discuss “premodern race and religion” folgercrc embeddedurl tune in here this thurs: embeddedurl embeddedurl
this is my religion embeddedurl
you will still see some northerners supporting this governor, all in the name of religion and tribalism embeddedurl
bbctamil like it but it’s not followed in other religion institutions why ??
joelynwa8 cpthunchies yeah but this token is bein transformed into a religion, u can't say anything, ppl r directly angry apparently
the islamophobe that radiates from these netizen tho lmao 1-nim said like we kill people who disrespect our religion, 3-nim what did you think then?, 9-nim your ignorance scared me too embeddedurl
arsched cnn while we protest israel’s attacks on gaza , we can’t condone what hitler did. human lives (whichever religion they belong to) are precious. peaceforpalestineandisrael
mkraju saying israel is practicing apartheid has absolutely nothing to do with religion, period. was criticism of apartheid in south africa "religious"? these people are trying to defend israel by deflecting and hawking epithets that are simply lies. they are more maga-ot than democrat.
fatboiserbian your religion also says not to cuss, but you don’t seem to care. it also says to love thy neighbor, and that every person is created in god’s image.
nnefariousjack steventrustrum tomegnome dlrtydog deesnider flyinhighgaming michaelrod32 mamaphoenix6 witchofthewild3 you don’t understand there’s a vast difference between religion and conservative politics? they’re not synonymous.
sapnomeing gonenyonatan israelinindia theplacardguy chahal_shekhar israelinmumbai israelbangalore israelmfa israel hananyanaftali simonarann but i'm not really educated about the situation there..but the only thing i'm gonna say is that i'm muslim and i'm telling you our religion is a religion of peace just because some people act otherwise doesn't mean it's terrorist
one of our powerful slogans: “no discrimination based on ethnicity or religion, we are all myanmar citizens.” whatshappeninginmyanmar may11coup embeddedurl
kkkashif king (kingkkkashif) tweeted: kashif anwar dawat e islam to all world all the successess only in the hands of allmighty alallah and in religion islam ,follow the the life of rasoolallah and commands of allah , for total solutions of all problems embeddedurl embeddedurl
dm_foodqueen you'd be panicking too if you lived a religion-free life of violence until the day your new god bro asks you to perform a ritual for him! suddenly you have to use all 6 of your intelligence points to do something and it's scary
mrs_doodles jane47757015 this has nothing to do with religion bev embeddedurl
thisbembo unarguably the best telegram channel free thinker? love to discuss cutting-edge sides to life? religion and belief system? psychology? sex and sexuality? movie reviews?etc. so many real life topics and experiences to learn from. subscribe now :backhand_index_pointing_down_medium-dark_skin_tone: embeddedurl
rabbiyonidahlen it is also in bad faith. 900,000 mena jews were never considered to be arabs with a different religion. pan-arabism never included us. we were always an ethnic minority living as 2nd-class citizens in arab countries.
meksifn wahajx77 ghxstvfue flxcsfn gravitydoesgfx yourfellowarab u wouldnt care less cuz u don't like ur religion
humanappetite kattya_h johnlegend it has nothing to do with religion. be human and stand in the right side.
newsweek y’all need to watch contradiction on amazon streaming. you can go online answer a few questions and get a doctorate in religion and call your self a pastor. they are the most untrained and less educated.
freedom of speech and its limits trust has grown over time in the jewish-muslim association, and members make sure religion and politics are strictly divided when bunk and el-zayat organized a tour bus to visit the b... read here: embeddedurl
eeshaalikhan gabisway neolibsriseup iwontusemyrealn bahadirsancak israel ok wish me good luck? you lie why be disingenuous with me i know what's up no need to keep up the charade little girl. islam is a religion of no tolerance
jakemgrumbach black civil rights was just one of many polarizing social issues that came to dominate our politics beginning in the 1960s and 1970s. the vietnam war, women's rights, immigration, environmentalism, drugs, crime, gay rights, and evangelical religion were all intertwined with civil
stephanajensen holland_tom theresthistory one of his great companions was a persian, suliman al-farisi. the zoroastrian mentioned only once in the holy quran. in my opinion, there was not that much influenced of zoroastrian in islam as a religion.
itismoody redpepperjohnny normalhairline neokoaktion postopinions 4noura mariambarghouti judaism is from birth. if it weren't, muslims wouldnt have bombed a synagogue in paris in protest of "palestinian occupation". islam is a religion. before 1960, there was no such thing as a palestinian. they are arab
rottenrevenge analyst45927618 cfcnotdaily walaagh it is relevant since religion is the original sin here, getting people to think their interpretation is a creator's word. all theists are culpable for reinforcing this harmful idea. we have no supernatural help.
rt naomirwolf: ccp/wef/tech bros war against religion. embeddedurl
burner07485387 po5it1ve mipster57 linusgsebastian bo, muslims in general are just people who follow islam. people who try (and sometimes succeed)to kill other people because of their religion are bad. i have a shared dislike to all religions including both judism and islam. i dislike the religions not the people who follow them
the fact that israel sterilised ethiopian jewish women shows that it was never about religion. they only want one type of jew living in “israel” and its qwhite obvious
twin02__ i don't have enough facts on how it turned out to be a religion but it is said the whites are the ones who introduced it to us as a religion, how they made the title into a religion in the first place, that i'm not sure of
greatheretic prettypolly201 hatred for patanjali is a disguise. target is the sanatan dharma by the abrahamic religion.
hi_iq_trump in the me the number of groups that have targeted other groups for generations is ridiculous - i think we can agree. was christianity the religion of peace or the religion of war when the crusades started?
for 200 days, attacks by ethiopian & eritrean forces have destroyed buildings dedicated to religion, education, charitable causes, historical monuments & hospitals. bmz_bund giz_gmbh regsprecher auswaertigesamt heikomaas 200daysoftigraygenocide embeddedurl
ianyoshia if i were "my religion isn't ur business :)"
linkx92044759 bugg_bd wow, you claim to be christian then you say that they deserve to die? so loving and christlike. this is why people don’t like you. you’re hypocritical assholes. your religion doesn’t apply to everyone else, and by the way it’s nor a sin or a choice you homophobic fuck
m_altstadt lovelyf47769049 thetransformedw runtowin92427 wheelin2serve revkimwchafee theologysteve backinthesadd11 see with this one post you display where your priorities lie. it’s not about seeking truth in christ, it’s about using god and religion to maintain a system of privilege and power for yourself. it is not christian.
owl_man99 _posho_ we all know who ever rushes to help her during prayer would be flogged mercilessly by the imam. a sadist religion
layman_salafee blankfutures abz_czzz if palestinians themselves are saying in replies that palestine should be secular and should respect all religions who are we to tell them what should they do?listen man nobody cares about religion now.people are more concerned abt men women children dying in palestine than music
rt seetharaman66: in kerala there is no agri mandi system. but what drives them into the protest is religion.
linkolastan here's the thread: embeddedurl my point being that gender is ideology the same as nationalism or religion or productivism and they think this is transphobic (which i agree it is but they ascribe a negativity to that imo).
rt arthur19551262: dianne_delica religion is created by man and the devil loves it
lisaabramowicz1 pure madness. these people are actively participating in the de-evolution of our society without regard to effect, life, or prosperity. and i know it goes against their religion, but the science is bad too.
mariaaznar15 birthday of the scam to prey on people's fear of dying and raise money on it, in the same of god. organized religion is a scam. the biggest. facts matter. oppression and murder.
love was my religion but he was my faith
be a human first. and respect every religion.
josh_magnifico theweeflea gladysb the government decides what is essential during a pandemic. food is essential, medicine, accomodation. gathering together in groups, whether religious gathering or dancing in a club, or having large weddings isn’t. it’s not specific to religion. it just isn’t essential.
bretweinstein douglaskmurray that sounds like religion
i used to get snarky remarks from my ustazah at school for wearing a pinafore at 10 years old.. sure it worked on the short run, but causes intrusive thoughts about religion in the long run
ajenglish what religion results to. they pretty much are still fighting the crusades
thegreatprophecies_revealed prophecy about sant rampal ji maharaj according to the prophet charles clarke,before the end of the 20th century,india would be especially respected by its religion,which the whole world would adopt,this religious revolution. jagatguru sant rampal ji embeddedurl
missmatlock heydtrain hahahahaha thank you, i feel supported. and it’s not that i have anything *against costco* personally, it’s just that i’m a single person who lives alone, i don’t have a costco membership and i don’t need one. but costco is just like a religion in seattle lol
rt kingdacosty1: you’re worried jx because one or two people hate u? a pig is hated by a whole religion yet it managed to be fat
i hope for a day where the government, religion and men won’t be allowed to make decisions on what women do or don’t do with their bodies.
nebosa islam is an invasive, dangerous and sick religion and we don’t want it here in europe.
jjluya soko_wafawanaka thewordsfromab1 beebabs ur false again. people can have a right to land without religion being involved
culture and religion ?? embeddedurl
shameonyouisrael freepalastine you all zionist pigs , why are you hurting our brothers . don't forget that u came to us for being helped , and lastly we muslims never ever give anyone anything for wrong intentions but we can give our lives towards our religion .
chinedu57293267 epsilontheory ok that is what you see. every wondered why? are they right or wrong in there support? or is it just about religion for you and race? thats what i meant about picking a team like its football and not caring what happens like its a game. do you support the people how are right?
dharmadispatch h's are saying at this time we realize religion is useless, modi is a bad pm, we miss mms as pm. m's are voting enblock. not abandoning their religion and backing their leaders in elections and on sm cause of last 1000 years of minority rule right infront of our eyes
a myth is a religion in which no one any longer believes. james feibleman
telegraph why did i have to pay back those student loans/work four jobs during college & every summer? why do i remember always being an environmentalist? why did i rebel against my parents by eschewing my religion if it was this easy? overgeneralize much?
paulocoelho we must be united as human beings regardless of nationality, religion, or ethnicity. we can not simplify this incident as a clash. it is an occupation and genocide. heargaza
mlgmasterpro brich15898375 thepretentious7 benshapiro once more, criticism of the israeli government and their military action against civilian palestinians is not anti-semitic. i know this confuses a lot of people, but jewish people, jewish religion, and israeli government are 3 seperate things.
scatter02_ whatever your language, religion, race, stop the oppressors. palestinians there need us. don't be silent! gazzaunderattack israelterrorist freepalestin heargaza
happyinthewest jmclennan8 so you would have an inefficient republic like usa or one like china where they are more enlightened about religion
kabi camon17ke john mbadi edgar obare abby james orengo abraham somalia mtkenyamemotoruto egypt senfalhadarejectsbbi christianity dominic ongwen bbibill arsvil nairobi zurunamama africansrising religion proposals ikokazi embeddedurl
plaid_putin send my 2 submarines to plaid_syria lets engage those murder dickhead what ever they religion is - vla att : the ak
it has revealed that the europeans targeted the king's because they knew that if they converted them under their western religion then it's going to be easier to reach to people. africanhiddenvoices africanunmaskingtruths embeddedurl
the religion was made for man and not man for the religion. any religious practice that refuses to evolve will somebody be obsolete. cc: northern nigeria. embeddedurl
ahval_en turkish society is under influence arabic religion! they turned away from reality of "laiklik" meaning secularism and decided to follow jihadist pedophile. "kendi düşen ağlamaz" meaning if you fall down knowingly you shouldn't cry.
mimireeds the education system never taught how african religion worked before colonialism. the arts sector in zim has also failed in that field. people don't have information.
cantfix65469779 mr_overturf there are christian and religious people who do not reject science this is a false allegation. those who choose to practice a religion still can be scientist or astronomers like copernicus, newton, einstein, and michio kaku.
the rise of antisemitism and islamophobia is scary. the attacks are on the rise. we should all unite to educate and spread peace. being decent is more important than any religion, race or political affiliation
hvgoenka arshadwarsi religion is devision itself. as long as there is religion we are devided
idk what to feel i took a religion exam to get better gpa sorry guys i'm desperate
ovidsdick o i'm so feral for this. the way these two go from blushy virgins to absolute monsters is the only religion i subscribe to
msanncooper talkradio they will never "fit in." it is not in their nature or religion.
just_endit we’re an ethnicity and a religion
iamnotok_ok don't need religion to make the right choices in life. don't need to pay your pastor 10 percent of your wage to buy your way into heaven. no nation will ever find itself in front of st. peter (if he exists). self-righteous indignation is the height of entitlement.follow the money embeddedurl
lauratillymoss in one of my wip it is wart. he awesome simple as that. in my other wip it technically not a character but i like the insane god from the religion.
we need a voice no matter your gender,tribe or religion to fight injustice, we all need to do better as human fgs!!!
mandeep74659598 bdutt themojostory i lost a family member to covid this morning, just like the countless other families. disease does not check race or religion .i hope waheguru helps you find some humanity in your heart. :folded_hands_medium-light_skin_tone:
hey stephenathome , mccloskey is in your camp. sure you wanna share that space? help people. bring peace. be good. denounce the horror that is religion.
you people think humans just decided to be "morally upright" out of their own collective decision without the influence of one religion or another... you lie
thanks rebeccalmahan katyayan climateaction climateemergency climatecrisis climate nature mondaythoughts mondaymotivation i follow the way of love, and where love's caravan takes its path, there is my religion, my faith. ibn arabi embeddedurl embeddedurl
plalindra bro, i'm not a racist and i respect all the religion. btw, i am a true sri lankan. i repeat.. a true sri lankan
hostisntreal 054durin no, sorry – there doesn’t seem to be a definition variant of the term “religion” which includes “committing an ignorance fallacy.” care to try again?
i am having many conversations with my muslim and jewish friends this week. i am in awe of naz a muslim leader, tehilah a jewish leader, and my friend rebekah a christian leader. this is good religion in this article about my friends. embeddedurl
kirstiealley i have a masters of divinity, and although i am a very conservative christian, kirstie is right about scientology being a religion. atheisim is also a religion that requires faith to believe. it cannot be proven and is yet believed sometimes fanatically.
satan has used black identity issues to fool black people into believing that the gospel is insufficient. satan wants us to believe that the gospel cannot restore our lives. his lies underly the popular adage, “christianity is the white man’s religion.”
jihadwatchrs wherever islam meets any other culture, religion or people there is war. opening your country to let islam in is like opening your veins to let infection in.
timagar3 manniefabian because that is literally what is going on in palestine. the zionist claim the land from their religion. do you not see how ridiculous that is?
rt timesnow: rising over religion, muslim ambulance driver performs last rites of hindu woman. embeddedurl
if you cannot go against the people who go against your dharma, your life on earth is just wasted. don’t call yourself a hindu if you’re not capable of defending your religion to adharmis who constantly mock hinduism for only prabhu ram knows why. let the bhagwa rise again!
grymmdark: tuiccim: say it louder!!!! im not christian, but i have encountered so many transphobic christians that actually hearing someone in a position of authority in their religion actively support trans people makes me feel like maybe... embeddedurl
besaplilly me too! i heard iceland has categorized religion as a mental illness... i am thinking of moving there
humanity should always stand at first. everyone has the right to live the life of their own choice. whichever religion they belong, they need peace and equality. basic human rights is the only demand. passbillforhindugirls dhanjeekolhi bbhuttozardari sindhgovt1 embeddedurl
a culture, religion, organisation has been attacked relentless this week by the government, media and other bigots. this will only get worse, u can only poke a bear for so long. this will not end well!
keepsilenttttt idf are you saying that no ayah in quran talk about humanity & peace. if it's true den the whole religion is scam. ban that book also
freepalestin israelis say ;their religion said it is their land , they uses religion to justify bringing the palestinians out of their homes by force and killing a dozens of innocent people, attacks holy land and mosque israelterrorist embeddedurl
videshdrohi inamkha78637042 stm215 murtazaviews this is call discrimination by the way !! and sadiq khan is mayor of london justsaying . you may belong to any religion, caste or creed—that has nothing to do with the business of the state. muhammad ali jinnah embeddedurl
bbcafrica he is not self styled "ordinary president." he has thoroughly earned that name from his diverse exploits. you may also want to investigate his good deeds to nigerians irrespective of religion, tribe and affiliation
charnegraham if this actually is an australian company that question is not legal here. asking if someone identifies as first nations may be ok. no questions relating to race, religion, gender identity/sexuality, marital or parental status are allowed. they’re potentially discriminatory.
astaciomileyna anigmaaaa kieneor6 krave_gaming_ h2odelirious i guess trying to explain racism to you is futile since i think you aren't even old enough to use critical thinking and understand that racism doesn't come from a word and from actions towards another person of a different religion/race.
afghan__istan sadistic. they are enemy of peace and humanity. a cruel don't follow any religion they are only a devil and feel happy to others pain and sorrow.
realbrandondonk more like religion of terrorism!!
jdlaing for example, how does intersectionality interpret the free exercise of religion vs. government regulations that limit the exercise? to what extent should government be able to do that? we can answer that question, but most don’t apply intersectionality there
.g7 foreign and development ministers issued a communiqué that committed to advancing freedom of religion or belief for all, including the right to change one’s religion or have none, and called for equal treatment under the law: embeddedurl
barneysupremacy just so you know, as a muslim my religion teaches us to respect everyone regardless of any religion, color etc. our problem here are not with the jews, the problem are those people who support their government. i know alot of jew people who are in support for palestine.
no religion of the world and no follower of any religion of the world can tolerate an iota of derogatory words against their spiritual leader. muslims are no different. they are sensitive and concerned about their fundamental rights based on their emotions. we love our prophet. embeddedurl
neaminzeleke i am orthodox followers but to see a leader from my own religion speaking only about one race one ethnicity it really hurt and i feel ashamed of having this kind of leader of my own religion. like he said god will judge
muneema same same... we had a very good family friend..... they used to be extra ordinarily close with mom because of same caste (religion doesnt matter other than sundays and fridays)
evil!!! even the devil presents himself like an angel of light. anything to get elected. anything. no boundaries. no morals. nothing. what does his religion say about blatant lying and blackmail? tueh! embeddedurl
niyawastaken no, i personally don't care what religion my friends are, as long as they aren't homophobic or anything,, i'm fine with them.,
covidiots come in different flavours of religion. embeddedurl
shrinamanji ooo..who's asking you for ur opinion! you sick mentality ..this is just what shows ur upbringing. did anyone here said something inappropriate about hinduism .no bcz our religion doesn't teach us to disrespect other religions..maybe urs does. rip to ur ideology
entruestet idf agree..they human, not innocent, they only want pray with peace, like the other religion..
dhruv_rathee mr.rathi you are completely biased against one religion sorry but this is litterly truth indiastandwithisrail
poornima_mishra shame on you all media journalists are not human beings just why targeting only one religion
googlewaalabhai rajendra54346 kb2872 whatever way people surrender unto me. so,that means if u surrender to allah.ur surrending to embeddedurl the embeddedurl is atlast supporting my idea that every religion leads to 1.ur being wrong here buddy
sifill_ldf ihollaback why do we single out one type of hate. hate against race, religion, gender, sexual preference, etc is wrong. there should not be specific bills against one type of hate. one bill should cover all hate crimes
fifipottier edensolera lol, pretty much! her father is a god, and she was working on his orders. for her good deeds, she was canonized as a saint in his religion.
thegreatprophecies_revealed all the prophecies clearly office3 that jagatguru sant rampal ji maharaj is the one who is going to bring peace in this world suffering from differences of language, religion, colour etc embeddedurl
boycottdevil israelipm i understand your position, but i remind you in the islamic religion, naha, the prophet about the killing of women, and we want only the sweet, which god promised us.
infantrymobile ernstroets stop lying. countries aren't successful because they're homogeneous or share the same religion. oh and just so you know, denmark's population is more atheistic than it is religious.
pissoffhoser catholic4choice and what are 'rights' other than your feelings and beliefs on how people ought to be treated? they're just as abstract and relative as any religion. other societies, both past and present have different ideas about human rights. why should yours be priveleged?
rt itzdvs: if dmk wins tomorrow it is proven that for some, their religion &gt; development and benefits
there should be better world for everyone. everyone deserves freedom. i want to appreciate palestinians courage for keeping their religion, their home, and their family. you are strong brother and sister. freepalestine embeddedurl
ainikhoo_ emilykschrader idodaniel call yourself a feminist while belonging to a religion that subjugates their women.
wilocrek bglobesports gwashburnglobe did i mention religion? embeddedurl
kayi_allah funshographix so you think that's the best way to lead people to accept your european religion?
janerefreshed unfortunately religion has been used that way for a very long time. abraham has a lot to answer for.
darkages was a consolidation of christianity on the ruins of roman polytheism and the rule of the tyrannical religious institutions. today the christianity is being replaced with the religion of anti-science under the tyranny of the governments (2/5) embeddedurl
rt maywebegreat: today’s twitter space is all about religion , aden deɛn na aba
alexhazanov cseelig mattleeanderson davidafrench jon_rauch severed yourself form the religion, how are you still jewish? jewish culture is tied to religion, the only jewish nation or state in history is israel which not israelis are jewish which is why they are referred to as israelis. it just doesn't make any sense.
time n again sudarshan tv is hurting religious sentiments of muslims and this time also it has shown it in his hall bol show. we love our religion and our beloved prophet sallallahu alaihi wa alaihi wasallam. bansudarshannews arrestsureshchavhanke bansudharshannews pmoindia
harvard we must be united as human beings regardless of nationality, religion, or ethnicity. we can not simplify this incident as a clash. it is an occupation and genocide. gazzaunderattack genocideingaza heargaza
basavanna preached kindness to all creatures and said compassion is the basis of religion. basavajayanti embeddedurl
elohim_gadol zealwithoutk “religion of peace” promoter sounds familiar
npr religion = brainwashing. where is the surprise ?
faithfulgirlie like seriously this is quite a complicated question depending on religion though
praxjarvin by the way: still bugs the shit out of me that tlj is all about saying "fuck you" to religion and go your own path. meanwhile skywalker is all about telling us to conform and religion is the way to go.
cnnbrk regardless of your language, religion, race, do not remain silent to this persecution. heargaza
we are taught from the day we are born that islam is special - that islam is above & beyond all other religion - that all religion are inferior to us - aspect of superiority are reinforced in quran and esp in hadiths. the result: we believe in islamic supremacy & privilege. embeddedurl
immanishagarwal ayaisleemen hindhu is ok to me. your right. but supporting and mocking another religion is not. so go hide your pig face somewhere else
beta_co_ fletcherkathy8 i am happy to respect other people's belief systems/religion but european convention on human rights gives us freedom to believe and freedom not to believe. it also gives us freedom of speech and thought and we cannot be compelled to say things that are not material reality.
justmathana c1aranmurray it’s a lot more complicated than israel - bad, palestinians - good. and i don’t think googling a factoid for the first time is conducive for a twitter argument about a 100 year conflict that mixes religion, nationality & geopolitics
rt crowdedrep: it's about anything but religion! savesheikhjarrah savepalestine israeliattackonalaqsa embeddedurl
mrcuteanish narendramodi rest in peace is said for people who are from muslim or christian religion. for hindus it is om shanti.
africafactszone i hope the west doesn't see this, religion is a very important key, this is what the northern nigeria doesn't know, the people who brought us islam and christianity are enjoying their countries while we nigerians spare heading it like we owns it.what a pity.
owenbroadcast oh my b this wasn’t meant to be pushback just an observation i dnt rly care what religion someone is or what drugs they do
roombaloo katgotyourtong also we don’t have the same extreme religion you allude to dominating two thirds of the country. nothing like it.
muslim people strike of myeik city opposing military dictatorship, chanting that regardless of the race or religion we all will fight this dictator together. whatshappeninginmyanmar may8coup wesupportnug opposeslaveryeducation embeddedurl
philosophy religion theatre from my fairy tales essay: ask pirandello, his characters are real but their author is the illusion. for the only force stronger than a belief itself is the compulsion to make one up at all cost... after all, what's life without a teddy bear...
kanganaofficia israelipm my beloved sister.....if the people of any other religion attacks muslim, then they had done well and if the people of islam do anything then they are terrorists......sister it is my earnest request you that plzz change your sense.....we all r men and women (no diff. except rlgn)
i'm going to let autocomplete write all of my tweets. ------ the problem with people is that they don't want to be a princess and they didn't know what to do with threesomes or anything else that would have been able to celebrate their own race/religion/political life.
joonblueprint ingestark3 rivertosea48 jvplive women can’t drive in gaza. you’re not allowed to be gay in gaza. people get killed for leaving the muslim religion in gaza. none of which happens in israel. israel doesn’t use human shields. israel drops leaflets sometimes hours before they drop bombs. get over yourself.
eid mubarak to all friends who celebrate it today & to those who do it tomorrow. may god bless india, pakistan, bangladesh & the entire region. may we have peace & be able to move freely across borders. please stay safe & take all precautions - covid has no religion!
muslim people strike of myeik city opposing military dictatorship, chanting that regardless of the race or religion we all will fight this dictator together. whatshappeninginmyanmar may8coup wesupportnug embeddedurl
opindia_com the ima have the right to do thid .... just imagine what he said about docters .... when he will get covid + am sure he is not gonna use his ayurvedic medicine but will go to india elite hospital .... all u here are blinded ... n trying to blame religion ....
cutely hides from my religion embeddedurl
hananyanaftali it’s always good to the religion of peace at work, right?
hansrajmeena mumbaipolice the people like you divide the nation on the basis of religion. we want all the people to be called humans and not the caste .. verified account se b desh ko barbad hi karo.... shameless people are those who say i belong to this caste and all
if you are supporting someone come up with proofs. instead, you are questioning who is ptrmadurai. quoting, hindus, md. ali jinnah, karunya and etc.., your intention is to do politics in name of religion and nothing else. hrajabjp embeddedurl
religion and ethics (discussion post 2) embeddedurl
saffron_picker if this your only argument, it seems like you already watched this video countless of times. tell me, nikki the religion expert, which part do you disagree with our islamic experts who spents his entire life preaching islam?
hmm, religion of peace you say.... embeddedurl
ramblings of a paranoid schizophrenic - the author's perceptive mind weighs in on abuses of power, religion, and exotic new technologies used to spy on all of us embeddedurl embeddedurl (recommended by calumet editions) *}
camamabear2 oh makes sense.. even still, so are they tax exempt from all taxes related to stocks too loke capital gains bc they’re an organized religion? hopefully not bc that’s a big conflict!
jaybumaom some may say "oh other religion is okay why you guys cannot?" or for ex jesus christ were used in a lot of songs as lyrics why not yours". wait its not same. you guys can joke around with your god's name but not us. its a holy word holy name in our religion then it is. embeddedurl
frrhendrickson it's depressing how these politics are having the effect of pushing people away from religion because their brand of christian nationalist is so insanely toxic embeddedurl
religion of lunatics again nuts embeddedurl
thebembridge i don’t care what religion sexuality or colour you are. if you have the credentials & nature to do a good job your hired! end of !
sant jarnail singh bhindranwale's popularity among sikh youths grew so fast that it scared the hindu fanatic organization rss who have one motto only hindi, hindu and hindustan. they consider sikh religion as a sect of hindu religion and this is the base of conflict. embeddedurl
embeddedurl - thanks for your vision and bringing religion and ethics into the public square. and thanks to nytdavidbrooks and kristatippett for doing their part to continue the important work. religionmatters
talbertswan cwsoxfan markruffalo if judaism is made to be synonymous to zionism, one needs to question how a religion could be this racist and oppressive in their treatment of non-jews. so people need to understand clearly that they are not synonymous.
kanhiyalalvaish amjadpen abhisar_sharma knowledge is power. zero knowledge islam 2000 yrs old go & check how old is hindu religion. did your forefather came from arab ?? no they were converted
this amongst many other factors, logic being the main one, is why more and more people are driven away from religion, because it causes nothing but division and in this case and many other, a lot of harm.
“africanamericans never integrated into american culture we only assimilated.” greatmigration them christianity religion politics economics education diet whitewashed iuic embeddedurl
joelweeks76 brianstelter religion, land, resources, power over all = war. i hate war
terri_teach buitengebieden_ as a little kid, having a priest tell me animals don't go to heaven was my first clue religion was not for me.
35. the yugantar again: ‘but when the society is based on a strong and eternal religion, this poison never succeeds in destroying outright that living society’; it ‘makes the vital force numb’; ‘such a sleeping society is not roused only by cries or words of reform.
surfnvb21 cendolslut israel_advocacy benshapiro it's not them as human but because of religion which teaches that they should hate and rule over us. religions with antisemitic teachings will make their followers cunning (by being sweet as supporters, donors) or harsh (terror, killing), different ways for the same goal.
war in middle east. if they kept stealing my homeland, i would fight too! the jewish revenge, backed by the us military. give the palestinians a place to call home and take the religion out of it, has not 2000 years, taught anything! ego's
masjid-e-aqsa issue is not an issue of palestine or any country, but the humiliation of muslims. the qur'uds are the blessings of the religion, that is, the burial of the muslims of the world burberry_turkey savepalestine embeddedurl
jaycharles_xi deserved it. it's literally the only religion that thinks it's superior always shoving down their beliefs on people
allawee_lfc ziggy01616857 rich1738_ mosalah you have to admit that you are wrong , nothing bad with that. no one is trying to spread hate , the guy is just trying to explain to you about your religion more and more , something that you are missing and have 0 clue about. be thankful at leau
religion news 17 may: hate and anger in middle east conflict spills over into the uk; sunday worship re-starts in ireland; religious literacy “would undermine press freedom”; language about religion should include the non religious embeddedurl embeddedurl
everyone says it's the religion of peace. every single day, they destroy the argument with hate filled violence. the lgbtq community need to pick a different side in this war embeddedurl
rt islamichistor20: islam is the world's second largest religion with over 1.9 billion followers or 24.4% of the world's population
levinepmc rexglacer bmacd777 johntory i can convert to judaism. does that mean my race changes? how is anyone "part jewish"? it is a religion.
andarin101 smoggylondon darrengrimes_ just because religion has been around for a while it doesn't mean it's not bollocks
my religion is love, peace and unity
taffnadian canadian_guano hey, you found an example based on nationalism not religion, from the 1970s-1990s! be proud boy! they do this daily still, ammirite?
wraithly maxc0x renevelation yeah that's why suicide rates and depression and anxiety rates are peaking amongst them or the only majority atheist country, china is committing a genocide of millions of people in 2021 atheism is the cause of all the disorder and violence, not religion embeddedurl
citizenofthebre kaaliasholay n also, what happened to armenia? no other religion persecuted people after world wars like this peaceful religion!
roark1776 people tend to be violent. the state enables and encourages them to be more violent. people tend to blindly follow things. religion enables and encourages them to do that more.
messageofallahoneid question 4: is god in a form in islam religion? answer: all praise god, do extreme tapp (meditation) to have a glance of god's beauty but contradictory are the statements they believe in, saying god is formless! if allah/ god is not in form, embeddedurl
bansudarshannews is not a humanity they all are targeting one religion and you can targen me and you can abuse me but why you all are saying my prophet (sallallahu tala alaihi wa alihi wa sallam) and now you want pay panelty on this embeddedurl
rt bunniesandpeach: tommy has started yet another religion,,, tommyinnitfanart embeddedurl
rt finelinemmahs: finelinemmalwt bad religion i vote watermelonsugar for bestmusicvideo at the iheartawards
rhe10k religion is facebooks thing.
minor girls from minority religion are being treated like an object in sindh. everyday a new case emerges of abduction, forced marriages and conversions. no law has been made to protect the lives of poor girls. passbillforhindugirls embeddedurl
‘i would do it again’: racist muslim who brutally beat, bloodied nyc jewish man shows no remorse! islam as practiced by their false prophet muhammad is the religion of satan! embeddedurl via pamelageller
myles_younger if we're trading "i'm old" stories, consider this: my first mix tape (ok not the first, but the one) contained the following gems: sweet child o' mine (gnr), losing my religion (rem), damn it was a good day (), smells like t/s (:face_with_crossed-out_eyes:), today (:jack-o-lantern:), stop! (j/a)
rumblefishass cryptorecruitr his religion doesn’t matter dude. he’s simply saying he prays and gives help and thought to people regardless. who cares that his reasons are his faith as long as he is a good person? i’m atheist and i get that.
often when people come out as gay or trans in very religious communities, there is no place for them and they end up leaving religion altogether. lgbt lgbtq trans transgender embeddedurl
politics and religion have got mixed up here in india, it is more of politics and less of religion religion is just a weapon for politicians infact it is the biggest weapon!
ibroxrocks 4thprotocol they are mostly all rabid republicans or certain religion's that hate our way of life embeddedurl
denizsaaat it’s like a cult. a religion
1666 redemption through sin: global conspiracy in history, religion, politics and finance: embeddedurl gods with amnesia: subterranean worlds of inner earth embeddedurl
degisikbiriyiim there is “living” rather than language, religion, race! a problem for the whole of humanity, not for a few people. just pray and share that! that’s all you have to do. gazaunderattack savepalestine savesheikhjarrah
jazz_agre this hatemonger asshole has no knowledge about our religion. spewing venom here. no need to argue this dumbfuck as he ain't gonna understand anything you say. just say fuck off and block him
/u/comprehensive_lab939 posted: will atheism and religion ever resolve? embeddedurl
thecableng pastorpoju the rule and the norms for politicians in naija. they use ethnicity, religion, or the term restructuring. it's just a shame we keep falling for the same old trick
prager: israel-palestine dispute not over land -- ‘the issue is religion‘ embeddedurl via breitbartnews
bashirmomohsai1 captain_kbrown dukeofmbaise bashirahmaad saidu, i cant blame you because you're chronically awful in history. dis is the more reason why the north leaders dont want you guys to get education because they knw you all will he exposed to know what is right instead they gave you all religion but their children school abroad
how arrogant can religion be that they think they have a right over land. yes, it's also about money, power and control but the heart of the motivation is religion. hideous, murderous religion.
tvmohandaspai kapilsibal incindia these rss ( rabid sanghi swines ) like pai won’t comment on what ec n other agencies did in the wb elections right from scheduling and use of religion in campaign etc as forcefully conveyed by prashant k to godi media who think amit shah is god , instead moan about others. thooo
saharareporters mbuhari imported religion na scam for africa
tencityhana yes! many people take things too far. i understand when it comes to serious issues. for instance as a fan of mark, i do not like it when people joke about his religion, but seriously most of the watermelon and debuting jokes are just that!!! jokes!!
founded over 3500 years ago, and perhaps the oldest monotheistic religion, judaism has a poignant and often distressing history. antisemitism has been a plague of both the eastern and western worlds. embeddedurl
letoregonlearn ohaoregon there is no "separation of church and state" rather a specific restriction on government concerning the establishment of religion.
mnageswarraoips delhipolice mahuamoitra those hands-in-glove with followers of violent ideology masquerading as a religion dare not say a word against savage cruelty to innocent animals because the former are their vote banks to come to power & the latter have no voting rights. also, anti-hindutva agenda unites both.
jsl_tornok abc evangelicals won't be worlds turning point. flat earthers also "not" usa a state under church and religion or a state under progress?
rt time: politics, race, religion: what really divides americans? embeddedurl
adult topic, religion why could you not be photosynthetic? if a deity could do anything...then why could you not get plenty of energy from sunlight and or other forms of light? if the world simply evolved...then ok, the world is as it is. suppose a deity ...and it is a problem.
historyofmaghar the reason behind the war between hindus and muslims, was that both wanted to carry out the funeral ceremony of lord kabir according to their religion.when lord kabir left maghar fragrant flowers were found in place of his body. satlokchannel embeddedurl
rt ecessie: the comments, boobs trending. you can believe in god but not associate yourself with a specific religion.
the prophet saw said: “ a person is of the same religion of his close companion. so let everyone of you look for the person he has taken as a companion.”
noorie_tweets yamigautam haaaaa, look who's talking- ur religion promote terrorism. ur women can't come out of dark burkha . ur mosque is a rape centre. ur bro marry with ur sister. ur religious ideology is fake. so get a life aunty
kali gandaki river has a great influence on our culture and religion .one billion hindu wants to take holy deep into this river from himalaya to narayani confluence ,at all cost we maintain sanctity and purity of this river ...
that teacher really said he won't call kids by their preferred pronoun because of religion and he doesn't wanna lie to kids? if you don't wanna lie to kids dont teach em religion
hmamichaelaron i believe that the laws of the united_nations are the best legislation found on the universe that preserved human rights and their dignity without regard to his religion, color or race. so, the united nations and international security are gods of this time.
meghupdates samajwadi party in up always stand for dalit, that's why sp leader iqbal mehmood said that dalit and tribals are responsible for population explosion. populationcontrollaw is not meant for one religion, it's for every person who is indian. will bheem army speak against sp ?
rt _skarloey: tatmr in japanese is my new religion embeddedurl
mississippi sued for 'in god we trust' on license plates. the complaint accuses the mississippi of violating freedom of speech and religion by forcing them to display a religious message on their personal vehicles. demvoice1 wtpblue freshvoicesrise embeddedurl
i strongly condemn this old muslim man has been beaten up in a brutal manner, i do not believe, it is also taught in hindu religion, one who believes in ram ji also respects rahim, the one who believes in ram ji and rahim is a real hindu. failedyogisarkar rammandirscam embeddedurl
saraomalicha hakintorlar ovienews you lots are those who have been brainwashed by the leaders of the north to turn a blind eye to the evil they commit in the name of religion.
prmudau23 eixhntshu mousseofreshe cuesibiya don't even talk about religion,let alone christianity and muslims...those were stolen in our own history and used against us...just because we ain't in chains, doesn't mean we no longer slaves...
sandiebarrick nkrankie it already is happening. mosques are continuing to indoctrinate the 7th c practises of islam. mark my words, islam is not a religion of peace.
willrossuk chris_smithsj naw, your religion has done enough damage.
repschneider ilhan democracy wouldn't make roads limited access to 1 group of people based on their religion and destroy homes to make settlements for 1 group of people that is something isis did and isisrael is doing
because no agenda except religion and caste otherwise deficit of brain embeddedurl
thehill good! i don’t even like catholicism but i think good! politicians don’t get to say what religion does. you people are once again going to insanity land and hypocrite hideout.
illegal crores of bangladeshi and rohingya intruders are living comfortably in our country which is effecting our economy, religion, livelihood. india_want_nrc embeddedurl
elijah the tishbe , eliyyahu, hebrew prophet who ranks with moses in saving the religion of yahweh from being corrupted by the nature worship of baal. elijah “yahweh is my god” theswordofelijah embeddedurl
yourmomcantbes1 galactic_emilio atheistangel23 pastorlocke and no one hates you because of your religion. you can believe what you like. weaponising it and being a complete moron because of it is more the thing people take issue with, karen.
i grew up surrounded by religious people with no ethics. i'd rather have ethical people with no religion.
aajtak gouravvallabh anjanaomkashyap if caa is on the basis of religion, then what is muslim personal law. muslims reply gently
"if you are tolerant of everything, then you stand for nothing" andrew tate islam__religion_of__ethics
ctvnews be careful what you promote. the truth is the ‘religion’ took nomad children and placed them in closed quarters and forced school and religion on them. twisted yes, a crime, absolutely. these are not criminal mass graves tho. these kids died of disease exposure 98% of them did.
marketwatch no thank you. old glory represents the blood of our forefathers that gives us all the freedoms we adore today. that same flag represents a free people regardless of race, creed or religion.
tedlieu usccb you pick and choose what you believe, that’s not what being a christian is. if you call jesus lord then he is lord not you, you don’t get to choose what you follow and do not. you’re religion is a false one, one of convenience.
allowing discrimination to continue is the wrong move. freedom of religion means you have the right to practice your religion; it does not mean you have the right to hate and bully people because you're religious.
"if a person who got job under reservation converts to another religion either before appointment or thereafter, the person would forego the right to such appointment under the respective quota. service of such employee must be terminated" embeddedurl
interestingly, he was also said to be practising a unique religion which blended christianity, islam, african traditional religions and even paganism. he also blended it with the profiteering motive of his business outfits.
blasphemy_d religion is 21st century's cancer. i am still wondering why the fucc believers still exist, when all advanced technologies we have debunk ideas of some "supreme creature", imaginary worlds like 'hell' and 'heaven' and other paranormal shit maybe mass dementia is indeed the answer
staropinion “the one thing with leftwing ideologues is that they’re fanatical...it’s their religion,” thatcher on fanatics slowly taking over the labour party (universities, media). "the whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves".
"he doesn't care about anything" yeah the word of a book from a religion i don't even believe in is everything. good going bitchy stepmom
surround yourself with people who are ready to help you in your bad times without knowing your cast or religion. twl
bro please don't suspend your sympathy for our brothers in the north, they are highly brainwashed with most especially religion. we must find a way to fall that fence of brain washing over there. embeddedurl
elikohn3 religion is a modern concept. ethno-religion is more accurate. we are a culture, nation with a common language.
listen i know religion is a major part of history but there’s at least one bible question every round if not an entire .??? what about the hundreds of other religions in america??? the thousands worldwide???
silverdraws neither have i. we were just doing covers tonight, bad religion, bad brains, gash, stiff little fingers. ruined em all, but i could not care. it was fun. holgate is 180 degrees opposite the way you go to the scarborough pub from the station. other side of the canal.
i’m baffled why all these physicists are shocked that einstein’s theories aren’t perfect & turning out to be i’m not a genius & i could have predicted this. science isn’t a religion, but too many treat it as such. it’s a process of understanding what we refuse to accept.
don't struggle with assignments when we can help you out at a pocket-friendly price essay due project macroeconomics term paper thesis trigonometry religion. pay someone calculus marketing chemistry online classes research paper uk usa uae saidiarabia kuwait embeddedurl
"the evangelization challenge for the church is to show that catholicism is not an obsolete religion filled with superstitious bigots and conspiracy theorists." except the only ones who actually think this is true are disillusioned libs who want the church to conform to them embeddedurl
indian citizenship is for everyone irrespective of religion, cast, creed, color, region, language, culture. stopcaapolitics
almaforarizona phxchildrens stopantisemites abc15 12news meghanmccain azcentral have u called phxchildrens to open an inquiry ? she is not safe around any child - not matter the religion
shollywoods ericajong it's not just a religion. there are atheist jews. it is also ethnicity/history/culture. just like you can be russian even if you've lived your whole life in the us, and someone of, say, irish heritage who moves to moscow and becomes a citizen might not be considered "russian".
goodlifefitness can goodlife apply to be a religious establishment in ontario so that it can open with 15% of indoor capacity starting tomorrow? i will happily join your religion!
don’t joke with my mother’s religion .
this is the sense in which influential religion scholar martin marty used it in 1980 to compare the ayatollah khomeini with jerry falwell (!). embeddedurl
to be completely honest the way everything is right now if you're not for securing and protecting our constitutional rights you are openly saying that they don't matter and we are opposition. regardless of race religion or sexual preferences if that's the case, let the war begin.
the freedom of religion or belief is a fundamental human right. yet groups such as the rohingya muslims, the yazidis, nigerian christians and the uyghurs continue to face violence and persecution. so why has the past decade seen such a marked increase in forb violations? (1/3) embeddedurl
the simple faith of franklin delano roosevelt: religion's role in the fdr presidency (kindle edition) by christine wicker embeddedurl
shashitharoor ishaantharoor a party that had allowed the "all india muslim personel law board" despite having the indian constitution or the rule of law. a party that rendered dozens of laws based on religion, is discoursing about the rule of law. isn't it embodies the congress party's hypocrisy!
realrogerboyce dbseymour it isn’t a game. people should not be discriminated against based on the colour of their skin, their gender or religion. that goes for ‘white’ people too. teaching cultural awareness so people have a better understanding is what they should be doing.
religion for sure embeddedurl
774_ngr “religion of peace” at it’s best. and the painful thing is that the foolish igbos that build houses in the north will not see this until it comes at them and they’ll start crying
we don't need any version of ramayana by these hinduphobic bollywood once again surely they will hurt the religious feeling of hindus by their act y don't they make a movie on other religion god's?? i haven't seen any movie made on other religion have u?? boycottkareenakhan embeddedurl
gregabbott_tx unless you don’t like the religion.
bkschwartz bell00david protean_man please name one event in history where the science didn't evolve to better understanding as more empirical knowledge was uncovered. but this time is different right? an unchanging, unquestionable narrative is not science. it's religion. science is a fluid dynamic.
ilomagyar pufpufpafpaf cjtelephone1 uman5819 maceoderby200 newus071 plegba si_or_just_si billygi17133688 datagramtwo samisoderlund __heijdens__ wssstom hkcalvinwong denutrients wise_project paape1752 kompadontgiveup agreewitme wandaspangler2 sylviegelinet diurpagissa truthwinslie1 phiyaatv kissmyassnwo david95872227 jdmereweather gracealiyah100 coin_pattern rolouzis boudiccaaaa mrsrajeshdodeja stranger_poetry forfreespeech1 anon__truther gracealijah billbel80925644 tatecharon ds13_manon cyberspacegod withoutwax4 urylle mancorrupted sagmetox pmahart spannishchicken jk09648032 thegamingground verkamerik quovadisweblog very unique (and frightening) images! you must be very knowledgeable about religion, history and art. i found this about the first picture, if somebody else is interested. embeddedurl
vakeel_sb richa_singh calling out fundamentalism in any religion is the only touchstone. there have been threads explaining the importance of the caste system. does it make it ok? there is a difference between being an unapologetic hindu or muslim and being condescending and regressive.
some have turned to this modern religion, called christianity. others, like me, are convinced that recovering the culture we lost is essential [t]o giving direction not only to ourselves, but also to future generation[s].”/end
want to scrap caa? fine. then scrap: ~minority institutions ~reservations on the basis of religion ~scholarships on the basis of religion ~literally any welfare scheme based on religion you can't have the best of both worlds. embeddedurl
..including cops etc are involved and big names, trust me big names are involved in this and they are all guilty. terrorists in the veil of culture, religion etc ..
the best thing you can do for yourself and family is wealth creation. we live in a selfish and greedy world. without substance, you are tossed around. be it family gatherings, church, politics etc. being poor is a pain. religion cannot insulate you from the pains of being poor.
chandrakbose ji, r u completely taken away by mamataofficial? people of bengal except hindus clearly voted for religion & divisive politics. shame on the way bengal stood out after election results and the way hindus were brutally treated. is that bhadralok? bengalburning embeddedurl embeddedurl
elonmusk briannorgard elonmusk i thought religion is;)
historyofmaghar the reason behind the war between hindus and muslims, was that both wanted to carry out the funeral ceremony of lord kabir according to their religion.when lord kabir left maghar fragrant flowers were found in place of his body.visit utube satlok ashram godnight
check out this listing i just added to my poshmark closet: ladies true religion jeans. embeddedurl shopmycloset poshmarkapp
minysoda87 it’s actually choi youngjae’s own personal earring! it has to do with his religion :) embeddedurl
is no truth in 'christianity',all you see is deception and miracles used for more and more deception.)you have smitten them.(yes you were smitten before,but did you repent!)but they did not weaken;(they didn't listen,they went back to 'white' man religion and continue to lead
_nekopara my religion is nekopara
the pitcher puts religion first and rests on holidays
je_suis_free exmoslemsinc we are talking more so about what an ideology permits and whether it stands the philosophical grounds against actions we all agree are depraved. anyone who has a depraved sexuality is not religious- they are always detached from religion, even if brought up with it.
drandrewb the hypocrisy is sickening..no amount of pious gives the right to inflict genocide on another that don’t believe the same religion
most peaceful religion embeddedurl
therefore, the spreading of extreme hatred towards and loathing of jain religion by raising accusations against jain dharma, scriptures, and its followers by anoop mandal, must be instantly prohibited. 4/7 bananoopmandal narendramodi naqvimukhtar pmoindia
admirablesage mscatuluna dclmhq jidesanwoolu pastorwf_kumuyi that would mean that religion is not necessarily responsible for our calamities wouldn't it? even when the church was the state, they kept the economic train moving didn't they? even though there were some serious political errings.
foolsbelieve jasondogwood celtm that's not how freedom of religion works. i agree they should lose their tax exempt status for electioneering. but, you don't get to tell them how or what to believe.
yoongisupremacy ill join ur religion
danak65 religion..... isn't that something you start wars with?
odenbk cause i dnt think my finite mind can ever fully grasp everything about the spirit world ( religion is a separate issue) . i take every day, every experience as it comes. i keep it simple. what i dont know i dont know. what i dont understand i dont understand.
our ancestors/gods are revolted at how blindly follow religion as africans
cknw i'm religion free and hate the fact that religious groups don't pay tax ,but vandalism is just wrong.i hope there's security cam video.
it is ok to disagree with certain things about your religion. it is ok. so tell me, what is an example of something in the quran that you do not agree with?
cosmic_signpost ayaan i knew she was under a fatwa, and spoke critically of the religion & culture she grew up in. for my sins, i didn’t prioritise reading her work because she was right wing. i’m less closed-minded about that now, thanks to recent events.
charliekirk11 pearl harbor was december 7 1941. this was a day our amazing nation made a step from "ideal" to reality "christmas" is an affront to the unity of december 7th. we now have 2 winter holidays—and one of them based on religion shame on the gop for supporting this
so a person on utube tried to tell me that the separation of religion and state is not in the constitution lol. wonder if she is a trump supporter that didn't vote and went to the insurrection. yah folks majority of insurrectionist didn't vote yet stormed the capitol embeddedurl
at the core of india's strength is unity & an unbridled commitment towards service to humanity. no barriers, be it caste or creed, religion or race, can weaken this strength. congresskevichaar
gk491 depression ku medicine.. religion.. innum ennennalam lineup la iruko therla..
in a religionreporting rut? these ideas can help you redefine the beat. embeddedurl from religionnewsfdn's reporting on religion primer embeddedurl
meme_clann no religion no cast only believe in humanity
any difference between hirneyakashap n prahlad!! religion need descendents?? embeddedurl
supriyashrinate yoga guruani some gupta says : om is not a hinduism chant. i request our spiritual gurus , saints, monks to interfere . these yoga guru, vhp, rss, bjp, should be restricted not to talk about our hindu religion. these do't know hinduism. we want to listen you.
vigdis_herja appelpeer15 jordanbpeterson yet communist in modern russia, who still think that world would be a better place without a religion, would be against oppression, killing or torturing for my views embeddedurl
fbrucewilliams jude3project are these millennials or whoeva doing any better tho? cuz 4 me that’s the thing regarding critique esp regarding matters of faith/belief/religion/church/thechurch/etc
religion will kill you. we are all unworthy and undeserving of communion. we are only able to accept communion because of the grace of god and the sacrifice of jesus chist. this grace doesn't only cover republicans. read your bible. everything else is bullshit. embeddedurl
malealfa this priest and nun are disgusting human beings who deserve to get the worst form of punishment for their crime. see, i don’t care which religion. i will stand for what is right.
monks singing and praising the chinese communist party. what is this religion? abcreligion cnnbelief rns takedowntheccp embeddedurl
rt sukumaranlens: drshamamohd she does not talk of how many hindus were killed by muslims in the name of religion
kunal_sarcastic religion of peace.
transgender rights, religion, property rights and freedom of speech are all topics that are expected to go before the u.s. supreme court this summer. embeddedurl
charm_0417 ellacayabyab_ being a good person does not depend on your religion, status, race, color, political views or culture. it depends on how you treat others. ellacayabyab | ellacayabyab_ 97
monkipiquinn kranasangel yuuup. i get big colonial and/or imperial inquisition vibes from the admirality too because of how they're tied to the cult, and how nobility from one bleeds into authority in the other, with some areas facing more religion/ state tension, and others having them be tightly woven.
love is my religion. everything else is negotiable. embeddedurl
"when religion and politics travel in the same cart, the riders believe nothing can stand in their way." -- frank herbert embeddedurl
the greatest religion in life is love keepiton
lahavharkov i would not want anyone who expresses hatred based on race, religion, gender or sexual leanings working for me. their policy seems a common sense thing to do.
ganeshchetan if ctravi_bjp contests elections in us, just imagine his number of votes. ppl there will expect him to debate, talk on future plans. this fellow can't think beyond a person or a party or a religion. there are many likes of him in indian politics
sometimes i forget that religion exist.. im living my best life saying jesus f*cking christ
"america's freedom of religion, and freedom from religion, offers every wisdom tradition an opportunity to address our soul-deep needs: christianity, judaism, islam, buddhism, hinduism, secular humanism, agnosticism and atheism among others." ~ parker palmer embeddedurl
seashemesh fredwin cornballreturns piersmorgan hmmn trust you way more than fred (you must be stupid if you don't agree with me) irwin so blocking him too. he's too far gone down the antiracism cult/religion anyway.
raisimassmurderer we have a dream, and we have the plan to achieve it. freedom of religion, expression and political views. this rally invites the west to stand on the right side of the history. embeddedurl
i’m not sure which i hate more, daylight savings time or organized religion.
mssooddreamz mandeljonah judaharigross it means in their culture women aren't human beings like men and are not allowed to exist in public space, therefore they scratch off every picture of a woman, in books, on products, ads, schoolwork booklets etc. gender inequality at it's highest. misogyny justified by religion.
meatybaozi xiumin mullet is a new religion to be honest
peterrevo16 rfirethief scientiapercept inbybits2 waragoodwarfare takethathistory melanie33720945 ah_science spikeinthemidge umfpt doubledoublejon rkdoctr flaffenbam jools6691 rodeson42 thedukeistheman hugh_bothwell 1pckt godflythe adrianturner01 heathenwombat pen_bird macbareth hankstern2 christgodtweet galcondude suiwazear malo_j rtheatheist nodisassemble5 crispycurry goatmunch slsstudios sicut_lupus pg13scottwatson cleisthenes5 andyguy laughchem orna_verum thecolossis atheism_is_dead sslazz1 jordanbassior rockandanchor nosciencedenial painesreason desertvoice6 jan57860130 setophaga9 fairytalejedi the remnants of empire apportioned areas of palestine as if some kind of inter religious dealing was part of the zionist agenda of the rothschild family. religion: central as usual were all supposed to get equal status. embeddedurl
liveaction meghanmccain lie! the government is not funding abortion. it's illegal for them to do that. it appears the thing doing the most spiritual harm, is organized religion. hypochristianity
jasoncolavito markbruback yes. they insist we take the stories seriously. when people do take them seriously, and study them with a critical mind, ask questions, notice discrepancies...then they are accused of unhealthy skepticism and "not believing the pilots." it's become a new religion.
profmkay since many in the west are leaving religion evangelicals are increasing their numbers in india.
'oh changer of hearts make my heart firm on your religion' ameen sundayvibes sundaythoughts sundaymotivation embeddedurl
rt misstraffy: babe wake up new religion just dropped embeddedurl
cbsnews religion is a joke.
letstalkaboutit : why do they want nurses with b00bs? article 16 of the indian constitution states that there shall be equal opportunity for the citizens in the matter of employment irrespective of their race, caste, gender or religion. save_male_nurses rukjaananahi embeddedurl
budgothmog44 it is so sad that countries that are so much older than ours live in the dark ages. such ignorance and terrible religion.
anitam86 ullaevoy fuck religion and everything that goes with it! that’s the tweet!
national investigative agency (amendment) bill, 2019 in lok sabha, home minister amit shah, while refuting opposition "misuse" of law ,asserted that the modi government will never misuse it on the basis of religion but ensure that terrorism is finished . repealrepressivelaws embeddedurl
syedasaba12 _farwakhan erinakhan8 billu_baby neelofer23 qurat_writters sohaibyonus sab_insan_hain that is truly define! but startling mystery is what is this branch of religion which came into existence after 1400 years since advent of islam? can anyone solve this issue that nags us day h night & we try to unravel the this puzzling question? blessings!
religion looks at self. it tells you that you need to be perfect before coming to christ but, salvation looks at christ. he is the reason. it’s about christ not you. you come to christ as you are and the word of god and the holy spirit will change you to into a new man.
jame5ywame5y l0icense baffledc tome_impala linahalsaafin you are right in the sense that religion was no the only motivator behind either islamic or christian expansion, but it was certainly a major catalyst, especially early on.
denizsaaat re_tweet difficult personality. religious (not their religion). autistic. simp.
the jews of kaifeng, china: history, culture, and religion by xin xu embeddedurl via amazon
aneelakhaled yes ofcourse it is a part of our pour religion islam . may allah give to sense of peoples like you.
i'm not great at graphics but i am awesome at editing! hire wordingwell to help you with your words! i have edited books in these genres: short stories, mystery, suspense, memoir, fantasy, drama, self-help, religion, self-improvement, embeddedurl
jsiculli suepeac dianemarieposts there was a documentary on tvo or cbc from jagmeet singh and his brother from when he ran for ndp leadership where he says the reason he got into federal politics was to work on sikh issues. canadian's are not his priority, his religion is. strangely the documentary disappeared.
georgetakei people who use religion as their shield are the worst. ‘i go to church therefore i’m a good person’. well so did dennis rader the btk killer!
h4rkn3s5 sparklinguncre1 rickperryart thisisinsider well no, religion is a result of societal and cultural values if you really look into it. the bible doesn’t say women shouldn’t be educated but it took years for them to be because of societal values
jukaliond sickening i hate it when religion is used as an excuse. most of us are still traumatized
gbnews old saying was we shouldn't talk about religion or politics in the pub... might be the same for news channels, this covid malarkey is now a religion, die-hard believers, staunch conspiracy theorists, and the great majority in between who cant be bothered with either...
terence_2071 ign i‘m probably the last guy arguing about religion, but i hate it when people say "accept this, accept that" if people choose not to believe in a higher entity, just let them be. i don‘t think god exists/has ever existed, but if you think that he did, that‘s fine
kizaale see when it comes to religion pipo are more emotional and sensitive and defendant than to humanity ,if u prevent your self from these qns 'who, how, why ,where,and when" then religion has done it's purpose on you .
quit forcing addicts into religion.
historyofmaghar both the hindu and muslim devotees had come to maghar with an intention to fight amongst each other, for taking the body of lord kabir and doing funeral as per their religion. for more information visit satlok ashram youtube channel embeddedurl
i feel that religion is personal and private. embeddedurl
clareoneill207 jdoyle107 conmurphycarlow sinnfeinireland maryloumcdonald sinn féin are delighted when catholics are deprived of their right to practise their religion.not alone are they as vindictive towards us....they are more hateful and tyrannical than even this maniacal government.
bhavikakapoor5 under international laws, everyone is entitled to citizenship of any nation and also free to practice any religion. why talk in confrontational tone when state itself promises in constitution to protect any religious rights. patriotism doesn't mean giving up religious rights. 3/n
im listening to the xeno playlist (mentol illknees oc) and now bad religion is playin gget me ouuttttt
nicks103 not going to do that ! people not going to vote him or his alternative, that's is sure our people are run by media management & very high on religion people don't have food , job , money , can't afford education ,emi, loans still no love lost. let us enjoy the chaos
rt chiyaan__bazkar: if acting is an religion. surely vikram is the god. 16yrsoficonicbbanniyan chiyaanvikram
twitter there are many tweets going with the name of the child taimur, its not right.please for heaven sake remove the negative comments in that name.its nonsense that people are targeting some because of their religion or name please show some responsibility.
andrewlawton cbcnews rosiebarton should have asked pak pm his own/ country's track record of treating minorities from other religion. do we need really titbits from such ppl to run our own country??
hinduking_123 sheetalpahal iamsachinkundu jat_samaaj you can change your religion not the community you are born in.
michaelaarouet thebigdatastats . possibly people in eastern parts of germany are wary of giving any response and, if a response is required, indicate "none"; valuing privacy after decades of spying. and religion was suppressed in the ddr (gdr); ironic (2nd) d, btw.
rt atheistrepublic: shia islam authority vs islam & religion embeddedurl
he can preach religion to public but become a predator privately. seriously offensive this statement
proud to announce my religion is kawhi leonard embeddedurl
globally, only 19% of those belonging to a non-christian religion personally know a christian, according to the csgc. embeddedurl
do u rlly feel fly in true religion?
cordeirorick thefreds lyndonx would not surprise me at all. i mean with rh being the rarest blood and their whole religion is about blood
kingsdicecast br00taldan notoriouscree yea religion really screwed the pooch when it came to human sexuality and equality.
"honey, it's time for you to pretend to believe in all the new age bs i believe in as a substitute for religion." "yes, dear." embeddedurl
roosterpisces what kind of name is that? why does he care what the church thinks? i'll bet he's an atheist, never stepped foot in a catholic church, & hates people who value religion. probably also demands acceptance of marriage, but disrespects it in his own life. satan's favorite son.
also religion is not above criticism.
nytimes excellence and intelligence are not associated with color, religion or nationalism.
foxnews who's surprised? not me! google twitter other big tech are hypocrites and are linking arms with lgbtq to rid the world of god and religion. they'll probably succeed after i'm gone! by then, who cares? bible says, everyone will get what they deserve! rev 2:23
bb17? i wasn't on twitter during that season no taste and bad takes? oh, i have to like the herd's mediocre players based on skin complexion, sexual orientation, ideology, and religion to have taste. maybe in your fantasy gringolandia, the world works that way. embeddedurl
kana values 1/3 1) kana is an independent ngo that strives to serve and welcomes all kurds and friends of kurds from the four parts of the kurdistan regardless of their political party affiliation, dialect, and religion.
indeed islam__religion_of__ethics embeddedurl
lordpsyccho powerful and profound religion is smartly designed cult to silence the poor forever
mythsabout_godkabir myth kabir saheb used to reprove both hindu as well as muslim religion. this myth is in many people fact kabir saheb never reproved any religion rather used to agitate the hypocrisy prevailing in both religions. kabir prakat diwas 24 june supreme god kabir embeddedurl
vishal2141 irupnd hydcitypolice sheetalpronamo askanshul n_ramchanderrao this mleecha is a rb convert.there's a cross behind him. i guess the girl is a crypto too. as per the video,they want to pick stories specifically from hindu mythology and mock our dharma.why can't they pick stories from their own religion to get viral? legallro hydcitypolice
you chose to make sluts out of ordinary acts. it’s interesting, because if you didn’t do that, you could do anything you like too, without having to hate others and yourself for it. it’s rarely about religion in the way it is about appearances.
malaysia is not the only country with religion islam ,,,
suhaneshivam reuters and yet minorities were extended protection and freedom to practice their religion in medieval islamic societies. non muslims could enter administrative roles and negotiate with the caliphate. even akbar went ahead and married a rajput. so?
marriage is a sunnah of the prophet (peace and blessings of allaah be upon him). malala has left pakistan for fellowship and travel with the rest of the jews. she has given up religion, faith, honor, pakhtun civilization and shame. it doesn't matter because anything can come out embeddedurl
lizzyqueen_2709 funshographix what's the purpose of an abela that can not ridi arare. stop making excuses for religion. it's all as useless as p in psychology
this may be not automotive-related, but if my french grandfather wouldn't have been rescued by the gis, i wouldn't have been born. war is a terrible thing! but w/o sacrifice, racism would never end. no matter your religion or skin color: we're equal. racismmakesuugly fucknazis embeddedurl
rt drtonyleachon: fanaticism is a huge problem in politics or religion. embeddedurl
and besides, doesn’t it send a strong message to the employer about the mentality of the anti vaxxer employee? unless you can’t be vaccinated for legitimate health reasons or religion of course, it should be a huge red flag.
zubymusic science , religion , and journalism take a backseat to ideology.
blakeflayton exactly, zionism is ehtnonationalist extremism, judaism is a religion
rt bhavikakapoor5: bharatbachaoab everyone should stand for india not for his/her religion. religion fanaticism only destroys
weaponizing the world: fall of giants, rise of new rivals, clashes of cultures. v. coping with (late named) maladies, fear of death and unknown, infantile helplessness and confusion, traditional province of religion (which didn't help much) and then secular empires.
kishlaysharma mayanksharmaaap these methods using technology are useful on educated people,no affect on sanghis&cong. they are stubborn&hardcore. how it pass on to nontechnology savy rural folk, whose votes are stolen by these cong-bjp rogues using money, religion,caste&community.
"socialism is precisely the religion that must overwhelm christianity." embeddedurl
rightwingwatch i’m glad i escaped the cult of religion like this.
the catholic church, that paragon of virtue which murdered during the spanish inquisition & has protected pedophile priests for over 100 years, will deny communion to politicians who support a woman's right to choose. any religion that plays politics should not be tax exempt.
avianr6 sorry our religion prohibits that i guess ? you really don't wanna know what happens to the gays here homie
immanuelboi jonkay 1-sure it's anti-religion. look at the jpg -"christianity". 2-"original sin", including that precise phrase, is part of catholicism. 3-jon really dislikes religion and takes kicks at it regularly. 4-politics and religion are two different spheres. fanatics exist in both.
allah almighty said: "pray unto me, and i will hear your prayer. lo! those who scorn my service,they will enter hell, disgraced.” [qur'an, 40:60] islam__religion_of__ethics embeddedurl
note with me * allah states the following: 'this day have i perfected your religion for you,completed my favour upon you , and i have chosen for you islam as you religion'
sick of christians who debate my human rights in the name of their religion
otto_english if we're going to bring religion into brexit, i'll tell you what was brexit in action. the first case of coronavirus in the uk was reported on 31st january 2020, the very same day that brexit happened. someone up there was trying to tell us something. 1/2
religion especially christianity and islam embeddedurl
do we have something in common? birth: 2 month: june year: 1997 birth place: lahore sign: gemini religion: humanity cast: syed.
paul70982722 rwisblog thekeyhole2 chiswickfox northernlad20 sadiqkhan there's some whataboutism! amazingly in the real world most of us live in, it's possible to be against the actions of the state of israel subjugating palestinians, whilst also not hating all israelis or tying the actions of a state or minority to everyone of a certain religion.
hehefunni1 this is a very good point. vidya allows us to engage with myth, religion, literature, history, pop culture, wild aesthetics, etc. in a way that isn't really available outside of it.
if they want to bring west here, let's adopt american freedom of religion, british parliamentary sovereignty, swiss compulsory military service, and german free higher education (and if israel is west, then civilizational state too). not a bad idea at all. embeddedurl
drthalasiren neededdebate onetickettomars primalpoly ilhanmn by the way i'm fine with crt and christianity by and large. i just don't want either one of them taught in school for exactly the same reasons. they're both theoretical/belief systems who's adherents treat as settled fact/science they belong in philosophy or comparative religion
funda_kwedini michael55266977 takalanidaba thehirohito christianity is a religion buti embeddedurl
lisachristinect that thread is really pathetic. these people will never let covid go. it’s the only thing that gave them any kind of purpose. it’s their religion. the masks are the representative garb.
blessed_groyper liberalpatriot7 amandaleftcoast sullydish no atheism isn't a religion, neither is theism. being open and outspoken about something isn't enough to make something a religion.
shefvaidya myogiadityanath can anyone plz ask reallyswara to convert plz if she has so much of problem, plz convert to ur favourite religion n fo from india
nausea1979 valyriannnn but the qtn is why did he remove the bottle? is it religion-motivated?
for the good of religious pluralism and the sanity of the faithful, just ban the new york times and washington post from ever covering any religion, ever, again, 'ad infinitum' ....the toxic cocktail of bad faith + invincible ignorance + blue chekist certainty = the gravest sins. embeddedurl
asifihadwings talk religion or politics
bhaavnaarora such for the truth inside your heart read all religions books and you will see which religion is true.
i said it before, i'll say it again: if you're christian and homophobic, transphobic, spit on the less fortunate, and think you're better than everyone else just because you're a christian, then honey... you best start looking for a new religion, bc you ain't a christian.
my country has strong history, culture and different languages, geography, religion etc are lived in my country. embeddedurl
this is not the american george floyd for the world to rise up this is the palestinian who is killed every day by the terrorist israeli occupation army we muslims stand with justice whatever your religion or race stop distorting islam savealaqsa savepalestine savealquds embeddedurl
the concept of ganga- jamuni tehzeeb of the medieval period is a complete myth floated by the marxist historiography in india .there was no such union between the rulers & the ruled .the official state religion of the state was islam . pmoindia narendramodi amitshah jpnadda
this joke of an art rests on the assumption that any reference at all to biological sex is by definition nazism. we’ve been here before, only now we’re not asked to replace evolution with christianity or islam, but with the new gender identity religion. embeddedurl
rt sacredworkings: religion is a good idea turned into a political tool. religion pagan truth wicca
it's intriguing that in electrical terms the negative charge is also the feminine charge or the charge that gives birth. and in the bible, eve is the one who first takes of the fruit. you see this demonizing of the divine feminine in so many places but no more so than religion.
0gbeni very true. but the three are quite interwoven; poverty, illiteracy and religion.
try our legit services in math chem biology essay due paper write english paper pay case study essaypay homework online class religion book review assignment chemistry physics history econometrics marketing discussion
and then there’s also the ‘kayfabe’ inside and out so much of electoral-issue politics, organized religion, etc. i’ve only recently run across david dark’s work but his ‘on metaphor and kayfabe’ piece is one i especially keep thinking on. top rec! embeddedurl
every argument in favor of circumcisions is either some weird "boys don't clean their dicks so cut them", "cutting baby dicks is important to our religion", or "my dad had his dick cut as a baby so it's justified i do it to my own baby now".
pippa03330530 if a muslim baker makes bar mitzvah cakes for some, he cannot refuse to bake the same cake for others based on protected characteristics. if a person of color makes kkk cakes for some, he cannot refuse it to others based on race, sex, religion, etc.
historyofmaghar both the hindu and muslim devotees had come to maghar with an intention to fight amongst each other, for taking the body of lord kabir and doing funeral as per their religion. but, after finding fragrant flowers in place of lord kabir body. embeddedurl
they were a huge part of my own self-discovery process, too — thinking critically about religion & how it shaped my upbringing & the self-hatred i had about myself. but i started disengaging from the movement after realizing that its most prominent members were dicks & dude bros embeddedurl
ksorbs seriously? good people are dying of covid every day. keep your religion out of my government. godcomplex selfish
noftheborder jimah162 brooker32 shawnrbrown71 ctvnews ... none of us do. i'm not allowed to hug my grandfather. that's a freedom so many have had removed. people can't practice their religion together. weddings, funerals, loved ones in hospitals alone. people being ticketed for protesting but only certain groups. the list goes on.
thakkar_sameet you should never talk about anyones religion.... hindus only talk about muslims when there is anything wrong happens... hindus never talk about good in muslims.. jealous puppies
thesnp nicolasturgeon scotparl tried to watch it but some idiot is blabbering on about st barnabus, don't force religion on people, fuck that shit.
p56/408 franfoisfinault . 1.22.muslimpracticed apartheid & anti-semitism against jews in area where israeli were once defacto rulers, historically. this area happens to be the birth place of jewish religion. this is travesty of situation for israeli. cia whitehouse uscirf
"people are saying that it’s better to have some degree of power, according to the old social hierarchies of race, caste, religion, than have none at all, even if it’s only the power to hate, withhold, deny, abuse. " embeddedurl
ramnikmann 1.make forced/manipulated conversations illigal 2. give equal rights n policies for all religions 3.make caste discrimination in hindus as illigal 4.remove reservations based on religion n caste 5.provide privilege based on level of poverty 6.bring police dept under central govt
jonflan all we need ... religion getting into politics. what happened to separation of church and state. religion and churches have been the cause of more strife, hate, persecution, and war than anything else in history. restrain, contain, and tax churches and religious institutions
davidcfatal as a fully vaccinated person i get and respect some folks concerns. if someone is religious, goes against thier principal, i get it. not gonna force my will unto them. that's not fair. i ain't religious, i wouldn't appreciate someone forcing religion on me.
marounm777 wrong! mt.18.6 doesn’t say jesus came. and telling me to stop teaching is fascist hate speech. the 1st amendment gives freedom of religion & freedom of speech. if you have evidence to prove me wrong, let’s see it. otherwise be quiet. you don’t know what you’re talking about.
mrmojo0403 rifleman4wvu should we also get permits for our religion?
wellll i grew up in a christian household n im still kinda agnostic?? idk i believe in god but the religion is iffy for me. yes obviously it has :// embeddedurl
soooooo criticalrole: this is high fantasy, everyone is valid, no modern politics dimension20: fuck the police, fuck abusive religion, we are here for anarchy adventurezone: we are here to tear down capitalism and i. love. all of them.
chad medieval theologian: "both science and religion are valid ways of reaching truth, and do not contradict, as averroes teaches. we accept both, and both are necessary." soy modern theologian: "nooooooo...evolushun isn't weeeal and the earth is only 7000 years old..." embeddedurl
don't struggle with assignments when we can help you out at a pocket-friendly price essay due project macroeconomics term paper thesis trigonometry religion. pay someone calculus marketing chemistry online classes research paper uk usa uae saidiarabia kuwait embeddedurl
jackruthie68 they never said anything. and that’s a problem too. my family is very very love everyone regardless of color, religion, race, ethnicity, whatever. just be good. but maybe they needed to point out the bad too. i learned that as an adult.
“the unconditional love of god can not be made conditional by western religion.” - damon thompson
owaisshahh either put a logical objection or digest the hard pill, no *religious* ever thinks that it is their people at fault, be it hindutvavadis or radical islamists. i don't hold anything against particular religions though i question thee entire institution of religion in itself:thumbs_up_medium-dark_skin_tone:
magnabosco obviously yes. the ability to accurately record or transmit information has nothing to do with the initial accuracy of the information. religion is a prime example. some has been disproved by archaeology.
thepundit365 is tribe our problem? is religion our true problem? think again.
realarnab_ do you also recall bodies in ganga, deaths of teachers in election duty, namastey trump during critical situation, deaths during demonetization, -ve gdp, hunger index ranking, unemployment ratio. ni yad to socha yad dila dun..if people still keep voting on religion then nowords
walkabout24 revdudeyfluff it's the blind faith in medicine and doctors religion..
try as much as possible not to mix your business with politics, religion and tribe. case study : adamu garba
religion of peace embeddedurl
exams i alr gave: english islam-iyat(my religion(its a subject here) geography urdu(my language)
rt makeitwayne15: religion, and especially catholicism, is a fucking plague to society
let god be your guidence through the dark! pastoredward god jesus religion embeddedurl
mikepompeo nobody gives a shit about your religion. you are pocketing our money and taking bribes from corporations.
faith in god - bad religion - get wholesome, before the shit hits the fan. wholesome radio embeddedurl
kevinmkruse “if there is any fixed star in our constitutional constellation, it is that no official, high or petty, can prescribe what shall be orthodox in politics, nationalism, religion, or other matters of opinion or force citizens to confess by word or act their faith therein.” ~ scotus
jewishstudent1 rancidginger davidmweissman i read and am still reading the torah! i was raised jewish but i was also not forced to keep believing it was a religion it was just a way of life! i was taught about kindness for humanity and how to just be a better person. i could have chosen a different path, i chose love embeddedurl
kpulusu deepika_ncbn hmoindia ysjagan amitshah there is no problem with his religion , problem is with him, he is a converted christian who believes in looting hindu temples and encroaching their land, helps in mass conversion, threatens to kill and beat the shit of his own mlas if they resist.
stay closely connected to islām & remember allāh much, this is a very, very dangerous time we’re living in. so much manipulations. — you’re destined to be dead & to wake up on the day the account is established. you must stay very close to your religion. — have mercy on yourself.
a_leesha1 oh my days that’s sad. country v religion.
zionists on clubhouse claiming the land of palestine because they have “a connection” based on tales, old stories and religion. and when i asked them how could the claim a land over those ideologies and keep killing people... they kicked me out freepalestine
haaretzcom of coarse that’s the one way of control of people and that’s what orthodox of any religion does
yaffee and copper discuss how everyone has a religion, some just choose secular humanism - 6-15-21 embeddedurl via audioboom
goodpoliticguy the american version of democracy, with empowered baptists & pastors, lop sided human relations watch organisations with bias towards missionaries & propagation of religion [21st century, we thought, would be of enlightenment !! ] and anarchy, chaos & violence as part ,is awful
hire us to handle your; psychology essays sociology english history computer political science excel homework economics business statistics due chemistry algebra calculus,, exam exams finance psychology thesis physics assignments religion bestassignmen17 whatsapp+1(435)485-3916
reception have been further exploring the story ‘errol's garden’ by gillianhibbs. linked to this, we loved reading a story about religious differences including headwear and enjoyed a conversation about people’s differences in culture, religion and appearance. receptiontweet embeddedurl
billyeichner religion, especially christianity is a giant joke. i laugh at them consistently cause they spend so much time and energy on fairy tales.
ilhan transgenders should receive equal rights in all societies they are god creatures as the same way we are, guys and lesbians should be treated in mental institutions, because what they believe in terms of marriage and partners is not logical and acceptable in any religion.
georgecomstoc12 i gave up on catholicism years ago and have no regrets. organized religion of any kind is a joke, and they should all be taxed. embeddedurl
justinbaragona his creator...lol. religion is a cult.
lifenewshq newsflash find another religion !
i'm starting a new religion based on an orange canoe , more to come as information is gathered.
cnnpolitics first off,saying religion must be changed to fit the criteria of others that directly go against or offend said religion,is pretty much a direct violation of freedom of religion. this should be basic knowledge.
we have to respect each other's religions and cannot blame all muslims just because their religion is islam
rt bestofcline: chaselyn really is my religion embeddedurl
heart21mind avalldar i can relate to that! i've just always found it odd tho it's not viewed in the same light as vedic, despite being just as ancient & tied to a polytheistic pantheon. we largely look at greco-roman gods as mere "mythology" and not the polytheistic religion it is. connection or not.
rickperlstein good point. now let's get started on putting prayer and religion back in schools, yeah?
omarami69408555 issadeceased playstation what religion
rt _crazynairobian: "you kiiled christ, created religion unexpectedly" - jay z
shaahiidah what's worse is when they use religion to justify their actions
it upsets me so much how those who are regarded religious elites are always pushing religion down poor people's throats. like they would rather pray for a person in need, than actually seek out real help for them. but religion is always a capitalist tool meant to serve the elite embeddedurl
rt atulahuja_: kerala model: offering vaccination request on basis of religion embeddedurl
dorsoalexander i can't see why not, this religion is more of a creed rather than believing in a higher power or a deity.
ajaybalayya tdp vallaku buddi ledu anukunta enduku agitations cheyyali no youth voted to tdp in 2019 by knowingly well about naidu credentials & voted basing on caste religion region & on believing lies even persons doing job in soft ware in hitech city not voted from some castes & religion
mle_online those are great straight setup joke opps, if you were wearing bullet proof jacket. once upon a time in a dinner, in texas, with guy from iran, india and south africa, talking how stupid religion was and they weren't aware of the 5' image of jesus on the wall along with rifle
welcome to my new religion, "women in suits"
aha360 critical theory is a religion, and "hate speech laws" are the new blasphemy laws.
i can't stand all these people that are so jewish about religion. just chill out.
palkisu i would not let religion deprive me of my free will. in any of my decisions!
rwmalonemd it's called "being cancelled", robert. welcome to the world where truth has already been decided. it's like a religion.
let's get this correct: it's freedom of religion!! not!!! freedom from religion! got it?
tsicarii atheist_bad many psychosis are purely into the religious realm. wtf are you talking about ? it totally can apply to religion. of course not equating.
johnfugelsang a sacrament is not a reward to be withheld to bend someone’s political beliefs. if it was, it is not religion but tyranny.
russ_emery imchristcenterd russ, religion is responsible for 8% of wars, 6% was islamic i’ve no idea where people get their info from but 92% are nothing to do with religion - let that sink in
israelebed prettyaichemist _tu_troka_kuh_ liltoddie5 annie34110822 brewshido theylovejeneva katlaydee_ msmyag no it’s not every black person doesn’t believe in same religion
.brumbyoz is not a piece of shit because of his religion. he is a piece of shit because of who he is. a man. scum. perverse. bully. shit. scum. perverse. bully. shit. scum. and my apologies that i didn't see this before. embeddedurl
the master says: i let go of the law, and people become honest. i let go of economics, and people become prosperous. i let go of religion, and people become serene. i let go of all desire for the common good, and the good becomes common as grass. - lao tzu
lunchtimeread: wednesday: what’s hot on canlii embeddedurl 1. election fairness and bill 254 - onca 2. freedom of religion and limitations - apbc 3. open court principle - scc
this comment on benjaminaboyce’s youtube channel is what the laurelhubbard debate boils down to. the belief that a person born male is actually a female is just that: :backhand_index_pointing_right_medium-light_skin_tone:a belief in canada it’s the current state-sanctioned religion. but sports are not played by religion! embeddedurl
petergriffo2 well, the official opinion is that it's halal. but islam is a religion as diverse as christianity, for example i'd like to know the opinion of those resisting stairman dan's lockdown last year in dandenong south. embeddedurl
c_stroop that doesn't respond to what she said, which appears to be correct. there's nothing legally suspect about a company that identifies as christian winning a construction bid for a city. it apparently bothers you only because of your own resentment of a certain kind of religion.
i can’t fathom that there is so much hate in this world. for my friends, colleagues, and peers who find themselves targeted for race, religion, gender, orientation, beliefs, abilities, quirks and other-i see you, &i am so sorry. this statement is not enough &i’ll try harder.
silis45 carey_black_ it is what it is. and organized religion is toxic. take it personally. i don't care you care that i called you out, without targeting you.
my pleasure, thanks for ensuring that our history includes everyone regardless of their race, religion, gender, sexuality, gender identity or class. embeddedurl
oilysheikh diaahadid binashah and any sort of questioning is dangerous for a religion, right? they tend to simply dissolve if questioning is allowed.
mcmanocall youtube demais. tb curto the clash, bad religion, dead kennedys, ramones
my religion informs me that all humans are children of their heavenly father and should be treated as he sees them, and he loves each the same no matter what.
i don’t usually talk about my religion on here but god really said “my bad” and helped me out a bunch today. thanks man.
zoya_nafis sorry but they r already married according to d right logic.ulte phero se shaadi toot nahi jati,na legally na acc to our religion, aisa koi rule hai hi nahi.also jab cm banned hua tha tab usse pehle jo jo shaadi ho chuka tha wo nullify nahi hua tha cause they weren't count as il
crackleflame1 paulogia0 it's funny seeing christians try to dismiss islam & mormomism for doing to their religion exactly what they did to judaism. claim and reinterpret the history & scriptures to fit the new narrative.
lordstovner observer2100 prageru thewillwitt our independence was won for all americans. it just took us a while to figure it out and in the meantime, we made monstrous mistakes not just to race but to religion. we have learned a lot from our history and trying to rewrite it will be determinantal to our future.
luminous2707 platospodcasts markocuthbert simonbarrow thanks. you would not believe how long it took to draft that concisely. mark’s tweet came shortly after john patrick pazdziora had signed off my chapter for a forthcoming scotlit volume on religion & literature in scotland. his assiduous but encouraging editing pushed me to it!
organized religion. like, other than that 2,000+ years have passed, what substantive difference is there between qanon and any abrahamic religion? mormonism, scientology, it's all the same crap, just different ages. embeddedurl
rt claireredacted: stripping indigenous population of their language, customs, religion, and autonomy is bad unless it’s jews, amiright?
dontactuallybro xaborc stressedmcstan basketofsocks c0rpsewif3 do you hate my religion then??
bigtimelilblev michaeljknowles shhh . don’t you know, religion isn’t supposed to make sense. stop asking questions.
malala marriage is found in every religion sect from adam till today malala belongs to the third sex race mingora to barghinam is a story of same pattern iqraalvi20 awaisghias miss_pti aziz_khattak1 bleedgreen_9 sampti12 pti_dewani m_ramzan_m oye_batmiz khushi_823
rahelab cassidywales tbh, i don't actually care what his religion is, i just wanted for him not to be associated as "lone-wolf" type thing, instead of terrorists, which he is.
ebonydesiress fuck the religion just be yourself and do what makes you
thtkashmiriguy pissfull religion xd embeddedurl
corpseiiy antisimpb0t // religion it's all about the sins my friend jesus died for yours and anti was born from them so who's the better god? /hj /lh
batesfam53 i’m not sure why we all can’t take a page out of coachalleniu s book and just love each other leo skin color, race, religion, sexual preference. those things don’t matter. what matter is what is in your heart. it sounds simple and it is 1/
covidcattle1 does ms. powell - jobs attend davos or the bilderberg meetings? considering the atlantic is unabashedly left and covid vaccinating children is part of their religion and political view now propaganda pieces like this are to be expected.
activecleo nationalism will end soon. as more people come out of poverty, nationalism and traditional customs will go away. as well as religion.
donaldjtrumpjr keep religion out of politics and schools!! the peiple should not have to be inundated by 'cult like' ideologies!
communion is supposed to be for spiritual cleansing. the blood of christ being the purifier. if he’s a sinner then he should be led towards christ not pushed away. that’s why religion is falling out of favor in america. be careful christianity, islam is growing as you divide. embeddedurl
tribelaw all of this religion crap is just that. let's drop the voodoo and stay on the planet, please!!
noor_verified richa_singh first your religion prohibited you to marry outside your religion. is that not a law of your religion. why this mental gymnastics
separation of church and state is absolute. no one religion should be favored. take god out of our politics, take it off out money, and out of our courts and the assembly a fcking men or its that a fking woman hypocrites theview
nandoodles switzerland, has a law that prohibits discrimination against people & incitement to hatred, i.e. against a person or a group of persons because of their race, ethnicity, religion or sexual orientation. the question is, if a swiss company acts against it, when its ads are on tgp.
akali leader mssirsa who mocked hinduism as 'weak religion' for anti-conversion laws now wants same laws to save sikh women from forced religious stopforcedconversions embeddedurl
shirleystokes as of right now, i serve no god. there is no "true" god as there are many religions and gods out there. you're entitled to your opinion (lgbtq+ people exist whether you believe it or not) but you're not entitled to tell others what to do with their lives purely based on religion.
senbryanhughes yet another gop senator who uses religion when it's convenient and self-serving. i saw this man on cnn this morning regarding voter laws....that "holier than thou" smirk and smug attitude shined through. you sir are a disgrace and have no business representing anyone!!!
only atheistic religion's are allowed in the alien nwo lol
thecableng sharia state should not earn from alcohol tax; that’s if they want to b sincere to themselves and even their religion at large
sicks00202839 _arpina alphaintel i don’t really know how to reply with logic to something that wasn’t logical to begin with. also why is it always religion vs “the gays”. is that your first and only scapegoat to rely on. it’s sad and overplayed now. you’d enjoy life a bit more if you minded your own business.
gregory_r_m inlanddefense lindyli don’t presume to know anything about me and don’t you dare judge me. you are now getting personal because article support my stance. issue from get go is how church tried to weaponize communion to influence president the united states. president for all people, race and religion
praytogether. i don’t give a fuck on my orthodox religion as far as the it kept silent of our killing. embeddedurl
likefirings we rly dont hv any good rep in fiction for girls who embrace their religion... and inej really does show that. shes religious and badass yes you can be both. her religion and culture empowers her
what authority any government has to intrude into any religion traditions or practices?? a secular state shouldn’t do this kind of intrusion, and if does it should be seen as not only for one religion. this will in effect create more suspicious towards the govt intentions! embeddedurl
nizamiyyaofray sorry i meant secular-sunni theocracy ** secular and religion would be an oxymoron
lhllovebutt our * new religion please
willsommer some klan groups try to present themselves in a soft light today, but white supremacy combined with religion is at the core of the group, which considers itself a christian organization. “we avow the distinction between the races of mankind as same has been decreed by the creator embeddedurl
bbcnews i would have said the answer is pretty obvious. uncontrolled immigration allowing in extremists from a particular religion and the uks own hard left who were emboldened in their anti semitism by corbyns labour party!
how will i answer after i've neglected my religion? embeddedurl
hello east asian religion twitter, a friend of mine who does jewish history is planning to teach a course comparing talmudic & ancient chinese texts. they're thinking the analects but is that too obvious? has anyone done any work in this vein? tommazanec jolyonbt matthew55mc
gafaboutthis that's the ignorant of 90% of the repub voters. 100% ignorant and can't spell sweetie. before reagan americans knew there isn't any gods or religion in the us govt. embeddedurl
johncusack why is being aethiest any different from being a certain religion? all religious people believe their religion is the "right" or the truth so how is being aethiest any different? explain please...
religion is limitation.
according 2 hrcp article:1-2 all humans r born free, equal in dignity&rights. every1 is entitled 2 all rights&freedoms setforth in declaration,without distinctions f any kind as race color sex language religion political national property socialorigin saveminoritiespassbill embeddedurl
the_hboriginal i know plenty of christians that are allies or part of the lgbtqia+ community, stop using religion to justify hate.
naeemnasif saboohsyed sabooh, a religious person has to be held to a higher moral standard. religion means nothing without morality. however, i agree that there are rotten eggs in every walk of life and such actions must be condemned no matter who perpetrates them.
because some people want the othere to be poor forever by teaching religion and not teaching financial literacy embeddedurl
arhuml92 amen. there is a correlation between zionists who claim everything is antisemitism and muslims who when criticised or even when our religion is abused, claim all is islamophobia.
science & religion series: the sun is half way through its life of 10 billion years. yet god has no beginning & end. god is awesome! 'worship not the sun, or the moon. rather worship god who created them' quran(41:37) 'blasphemy is the greatest wrong/ injustice' quran(31:13)
i wish i heard the religion discussion
anuragrathor imagine caring about image of a religion when it's getting attacked.
stan4life2 unarguably the best telegram channel free thinker? love to discuss cutting-edge sides to life? religion and belief system? psychology? sex and sexuality? movie reviews?etc. so many real life topics and experiences to learn from. subscribe now :backhand_index_pointing_down_medium-dark_skin_tone: embeddedurl
porn_harms ptrueman catholicdrive religion should have no part in combating addictions like porn.
terror has religion embeddedurl
rt urbanxpat: i don't know which religion you are talking about. we don't believe quran is written by any man/woman.
we are political prisoners voice no matter their religion, they have a freedom to their beliefs and we respect them. to all political prisoners irpoliticalprisonersvoice embeddedurl
cbcnews ghania_yasmine religion is a plague.
cmclymer i wonder which religion that is? would that be narcissism or solipsism?
anyone else thinking about sex while the rest of the family is debating on religion? send orgasms embeddedurl
rt cocainafricana_: what religion do to a mf i love to see it embeddedurl
idolatry has destroyed this nation when people spend more money on building useless statues and religious places than on healthcare. a rational person must reject idolatry and idol-worshipping religion that values rocks more than the lives of people.
─but don't force that shit on me. keep your religion out of my uterus, please and thank you. i get enough unsolicited "jesus loves you"s and "you're a satan worshipper!"s and "you're going to hell!"s in my day-to-day. if i need an abortion then it's my business. it's like─ 2/6
rt yournursedaniel: the etymology of the word "religion" addbiblicalanswers learnfromthebible embeddedurl
hyxpk goodtweet_man is it wrong of me to see this and have “losing my religion” run through my head?
daninhoihuboy manuelbanks19 instablog9ja allow those who want to believe in religion to believe. the same way those who don't believe are allowed too. live and let's live. cheers
stymstem bloodfawn93 so fact i'm criticising a religion, and not the jewish ethnicity, as we both understand they are two different things, it's a mistake to call it antisemitism.
hailey bieber doesn't back down from discussing religion embeddedurl
watching a programme on religion and bemused by how ridiculous all the ritual is.
i will never understand how someone can harbor so much hate in his/her heart that committing murder simply based on the color of others' skin or their religion is deemed ok! my heart aches every time there is a new hate crime/terrorist act and there seems to be no end to them.
one of my favorites sold! your new religion (custom) embeddedurl embeddedurl
blood donation is a noble act and can be done by anyone. in the world of senseless conflict and violence, people are ready to shed blood aimlessly, in the name of the religion, but some donate blood to support life.worldblooddonorday truebloodpump gurmeetramrahim embeddedurl
tim__stephens ~300 years ago, my forebears left england so they could freely practice their religion without interference or punishment from their government. tim__stephens you and your congregation should consider moving south. here in oklahoma, churches are open and god is praised.
hydar &lt;sigh&gt; 1/ charity & non-profit are two different things. 2/ the clergy residence deduction. 3/ churches can claim eg aglc funding literally for advancement of religion. atheist groups can't. - your inability to understand things doesn't make them not true.
“risks & resources in religion”— join us for more on june 1st free with registration embeddedurl embeddedurl
gmcmanning invisiblepain3 anahitatchr teaching religious ideology as 'fact' is teaching children what to think instead of how to think. we should be developing critical thinkers not robots and the way religion is so often taught actually teaches conformity over consent. no school should be denominational.
madridcalling12 jezwyke hekatteeh g00ner11 djtayo gunnerblog in this particular subset that you focus on for your bigoted and blinkered take on the subject. and “pakistani heritage” doesn’t mean “muslim”, does it? or that religion was a relevant factor. desperate stuff from you now.
him: why do you hate religion? me: whoa whoa. hate is a strong word. him: well it just seems like... me: are you gonna let me answer?
destructive mind control can be determined when the overall effect of these four components promotes dependency and obedience to some leader or cause or religion. it is not necessary for every single item on the list to be present. embeddedurl
ranaayyub if militants stop killing in name of religion and kafir, then there won't be fear of turban.
imagine there's no heaven, no hell, no religion, no countries. imagine all the people live their life in peace, nothing to kill or die for.
ayubwaberi corporatemach "and if allah had willed he could have made you [of] one religion but he causes to stray whom he wills and guides whom he wills and you will surely be questioned about what you used to do" al-quran [16:93]
chaimkev editcrazi rbreich timedwardszero4 potus indeed - add an anti-corruption amendment - separation of money interests and state. money is effectively religion for too many politicians. and it's unbelievable to me that they're (or spouses/family members) allowed to trade stocks while sitting on boards and in congress.
kaizervonmaanen hulululu__ bakabakamoshi thetorqueguy by that logic, even the reason that religion gives for morality is never a reason to follow it for those who want to do it. people who want to rape & murder will do it regardless of even religion. so we don't try and inculcate values of tolerance in people because of this logic?
no matter who you are and where you go, remember that you are an ambassador for your nationality, race, gender, ethnicity, religion, family, and name. so your action can directly impact the image of a community as a whole. be careful and mind your actions.
pellinorewendy caraesten frogerta most who use religion as a tool for hate or control truly aren't religious. so many in this country preach things that stand in contrast to what they claim to be preaching about.
a bug account with 17k following how much poison do you hold for a religion which isn't yours and don't concern you these people disgust me embeddedurl
steveabbey_ second frame. far left. bitch is literally holding it upside down. i'm try hard not to be tribalistic but omo. these guys illiteracy and blind belief in religion is fucking us up
imgreenguru maliklendell youtube youtubecreators they still have a unicorn and fantasy idea on islam and think that people fleeing islamic supremacy are “exaggerating” because some local imam in sweden said islam is a religion of peace. on the other hand, you have the “classic” racists. so you’re stuck between two rocks.
defensenigeria deedee8211 religion and terrorism eish...sad
the celtics have a new coach. my first question: what's his religion? no immediate sign but his fiance nia long says their son was "gift from god" embeddedurl
aledjllthomas and i have at least one listener to the religion and pop culture pod! but seriously, this is rad and go sign up for the newsletter! embeddedurl
so religion is indeed the opiate of the people, especially if one broadens their definition of religion embeddedurl
harikrishnan_91 i wonder if the rejection was based on the risk assessment - belfast and religion!
and once again a muslim plays the race and religion card and gets out of jail free! i have wonder who's the bigger crook, the benefit cheat or the scumbag sympathiser who let her go free? embeddedurl
snubnoze707 zaidjilani the bible is a compilation. the verses narrated directly by allah to the prophet (pbuh) were a singular, once-only event in human history, and shall never occur again. there is no remote comparison with any other religion. this is the true, direct, and final word of allah
govbilllee one other thing leave your god out of it.. religion doesn't belong in politics.
non-human strike was staged by youths in south okkala tsp under the slogan "myanmar citizens regardless of race or religion" to show in unity with all religions in eradication of military terrorists. whatshappeninginmyanmar june12coup embeddedurl
arthurb68073320 jamesthegoo1 advancedflea stone_toss wow edgy you support sexualizing children in real life but not religion
smasaulmendezar thatatheistblog nice try at an appeal to authority fallacy, but did you really think i'd be influenced by the opinions of the founding fathers of a religion i consider false, with a tradition of centuries of oppression?
"breaking the walls of race, religion, and class to spread love:” marie tomanova's message in the photographs: marietomanova embeddedurl
megha_lall jjgupta2 rashib300 tushar_kn neenagupta001 this issue arises with marrying a person of abrahamic religion not with bhartiya religions. because according to desert cults(christianity and islam) we are infidels & our murder, loot of our property & women is justified. a person who has faith in these teachings can never u. embeddedurl
stebbo50 yt40 zack_hample bryanhoch once again they don't care about what your religion is. did you comprehend that?
at 12, i asked my religion why god created us and she said "because he loves us" which doesnt make sense even to a 12 year old so i voiced that and she kicked me out of class. on my way out of class i said "so i guess it's like the santa clause thingy" and have been atheist since embeddedurl
journeyfree's bootcamp combines storytelling, psychoeducation, & group work over 5 months to help you recover from religion. visit us embeddedurl to learn more. ⁠ religioustraumasyndrome exchristian exvangelical exjw exmormon exmuslim exjw excatholic embeddedurl
rt secularprolife: yep. religion is a red herring. they'd rather talk about anything than whether abortion kills humans.
wayne582 operhealamerica but his church is considered religion. you have to understand context of bible passages.
fundamentalism is a pandora's box...you think you are purifying your own religion & driving only one agenda & a single worldview but you have no clue of the number of deranged loonies you set free & embolden 2 drive the most idiotic fringe agendas
daaaaniall ericbongoe riszuan17 princeoffinnoy 00968_m utdhuskyy pwefc1 goal maybe if your views/religion on alcohol are so strong you a) don’t do the interview where it’s all clearly displayed or b) don’t play in the tournament that sponsored by an alcohol brand.
timsykes3 marcusbarnett_ tribunemagazine i always forget that’s a thing. mainly cos i was just made aware of it by a mutual recently. it’s very fifteenth century. football’s weird. especially the people who mix religion with it.
your tweets are very important! for animals all over the world rtrtrtrtrtrtrtrt! "if animals had a religion humans would be the devil" embeddedurl
somyalakhani article14live secular samaaj ki secular tasveer yeh ancient civilization ke vaarison ka new cryptofascism. sorry for feel bad iam not against country,any religion,
gal gadot's jewish religion & israeli nationality: backlashed post israel palestine war | luminary facts embeddedurl
allamericanrube very few homesteaders that i talk to would identify with the left as it is today and again who could blame them? most of them have been understandably alienated from any left project by the left’s anti family, anti religion stances.
(not me wanting to plan out an entire unit on it for a religion class before i’ve even started my degree)
there is no religion, no race ,no caste system ,no colour ,nothing ,no sexual orientation that's makes you better than anyone, you are all desire of love shehnaazgill 5migpostsforshehnaaz
cnnbrk do you mean....till now all suitable-skilled muslim have been barred to become american federal judge because of their religion ?? do you mean....till now all suitable-skilled muslim have been barred to become american federal judge because of their religion ????
sana cock music toxic relationships red flags theme! bad religion sex sex sex unrequited love na toxic!!!! ayoko na ng soft soft kilig kilig vibes! i need day6 tracks to listen to during my unhinged moments!!! aka 3ams where i bleach my hair because a guy didnt reply to me eme
cbcnews ghania_yasmine none of the crimes were due to their religion. in fact, it was acting in opposition of their religion that led to the abuse.
uscirf chair nadinemaenza: "we are glad to see the release of samar badawi & nassima al-sadah, who campaigned against guardianship laws in saudiarabia. saudi arabia must release all activists detained for asserting their freedom of religion or belief." embeddedurl
blackychan64 connectcatholic usccb i’m not a catholic so your silly rules don’t apply to me. i’m merely trying to highlight the layers and complexities of your religion, which i have been a part of. really, you’re against executions just so you don’t get your hands dirty. how very godly of you
hasekamp regarding bitcoin : it is shocking to see how stupid ppl can be in high ranking positions: religion works because ppl believe in mystical nonsense, money, gold and assets work because ppl believe in its value, that's why cryptocurrencies and bitcoin btc works !!!!
80s au because i can't afford the full costume so i had to get creative! sypha belnades. 21. has a weird extended family and likes monster literature. listens to hard rock like it's her religion (recently got a degree in theology) castlevania syphabelnades embeddedurl
issue 97.1 of the bulletin of the john rylands library celebrates the career of former rylands librarian and historian of religion peter nockles. watch a video of the launch event: embeddedurl the issue is available to purchase here: embeddedurl embeddedurl
ronnie james dio interview on religion and the devil 2004 | raw & uncut embeddedurl via youtube
rt aima015: but also remember that our ancestors were queer and practiced islam. queerness and religion can definitely coexist.
agarciauchicago sf_journal asa_religion gottahaveajob thanks!! are you around chicago? let's be friends irl haha
when someone asks what my religion is: embeddedurl
rt cryptork3: cryptosdavide football is not just a game its religion.
pamelab53951810 glennmarfano1 absolutely! tfg has latched on to “religion” as a prop to gain votes and should be censured for that. but the catholic church is being asked to deny tfg communion for his immorality when he’s not a catholic and would never receive communion in the first place. different issues.
zarahsultana your religion is your own, no one elses business
artificial intelligence and self learning technology will not need any people,family line,race,or religion...it's a new superior species that will make mankind extinct.. including investors, geniuses,powerful,in control,
pandeypriyanjan harbhajan_singh yes harbhajan don't support hindu fundamentalist who are trying to divide country on the name of religion
useless argument, tbh. a bazillion wars & oppression because of religion... as well as corrective laws, aid & relief on the basis of morality and religion. embeddedurl
serps jacobkornbluh new religion just dropped.
rt aninewsup: a team of specail task force (stf) busted a gang that illegally converted religion of 1000 people: chief minister office
vibhu_tweet _ankahi sriramkannan77 satyamev1310 jayatu_sanatan lostjedi_india vertigowarrior shivaye01 sassy_hindu world_sanatan dharmasuta hinduism is a complete religion... everything small to huge& small to huge, life to death, creation,creativity,absorption,conceptions mainly in living creations everything has a solution this and all described in our vedas, upnishad& it describe everything about past present and
marshablackburn if there is any fixed star in our constitutional constellation, it is that no official, high or petty, can prescribe what shall be orthodox in politics, nationalism, religion, or other matters of opinion or force citizens to confess by word or act their faith therein. flagday
tom_in_sfca dinomanelli dimwitdumbwit kitt_me_not i'd disagree, being pressured into denying who i am and living a hellish life full of depression and anxiety, hating myself every waking moment cuz a crazy guy in the sky said so doesn't feel like love. love is accepting and moving on regardless of sexuality or religion
amaanbali lets see when our sikh brothers will start langar service for religion of peace to celebrate this and show solidarity.
one important way to counter christiannationalism is to defend the wall of separation between religion and government by standing against legislation like this. embeddedurl
you admit to being religious? how dare you! let me use this religion i think is so terrible to explain to you why i think you are doing it wrong so you can do this terrible thing the way i think you should. quite the mental gymnast aren’t you. embeddedurl
the promised messiah (as) says "a true religion is supported by the hand of god and through such religion god manifests himself that he exists." islam
xi jinping wants china to present a more "lovable" image. he could begin by releasing the 1m uyghur/turkic muslims being detained in xinjiang to force them to abandon their religion and culture. also by restoring hong kong's freedoms. or not that lovable? embeddedurl embeddedurl
ashagerararo she should really stfu . entitlement and murderous selfishness knows no race, color ,creed or religion. it is a sickness. no one has the right (now matter their ethnicity or origin) to do ethnic cleansing or colonialism on another peoples.
[thread] islam has often been described as “the perfect religion”. however, what makes a religion “perfect”? does it have something that cannot be found elsewhere? (1/10) embeddedurl
when will we have an arab muslim girl who is not a walking stereotype and who doesn’t feel “oppressed” by her culture and religion
fawad__ahmed as per analogy and practice of the west they hurriedly add a prefix of religion whenever such like incidents took place in the past where mentally sick patients with different religious origion were involved. so he is a non muslim racial terrorist as he chose muslim target
omuge7 enyahourhawa1 how can i join the religion. i have been a pagan all my life
“religion” out now, all platforms. y’all asked for the bars so we brought them out for you. this ain’t even on the album, i just love feeding the streets. another announcement coming tomorrow, let’s go link in my bio as always. like, rt, share. let this inspire you. embeddedurl
just_sophi_ corynbc loudounschools apparently you can get away with anything in the name of religion. including being a bully.
unknownmiraclesofgodkabir kabir ji had called the mantras of the vedas from the brow. the pundits of hindu religion who used to fool people. kabir prakat diwas 24 june embeddedurl
datboivic you’re acting as if pan africanism is a religion. it’s a political ideology that connects the struggles of africans, african americans and the rest of the diaspora. most people who adopt this ideology study the complete history and experience of black people at home and abroad.
_bintrasheed narrated abu hurairah: the messenger of allah (ﷺ) said: "two things will not be together in a hypocrite: good manners, and fiqh in the religion." [jami` at-tirmidhi 2684]
they also raise broader questions like: when and why does a culture/religion/state ideology choose to present/construct itself as multicultural? are there correspondences between being multicultural and of declaring a culture as such? 10/~ryt
our latest hass podcast features kathmcphillips speaking about religion sociology education and her research into sexualabuse by clergy. listen in here: embeddedurl uni_newcastle
thehatofethan klbfax none ... it is not a question of rights, it is simply that they want to force everyone to believe in their religion ... since they cannot change their reality they want us all to change our beliefs so that they feel happy ..
i’ll say this here but i accept everyone into my community no matter your race, religion, disability’s , sexuality, gender or if you are a system or psychotic, i accept you with arms wide open
hahah yesterday while in religion class me and this guy filled bowl with water and put in something i can't remember the name of and this guy spill it all over the floor oh how i laughed but it wasn't funny when we had to clean it hahahahaha
est_urina lozzafox i doubt it's meaningless to muslim uighurs in china, christians in north korea or atheists in afghanistan the right to exist as x is more than just being allowed to live, there are many of places that won't kill you for not being of a specific religion but your life will be awful
q: who is the founder of christianity? a: jesus christ. q: who is the founder of hinduism? thinking that swamiji has no answer, the lady journalist proceeded: there is no founder and hence, hinduism is not a religion or dharma at all. cont
chan is really beyond everything i could imagine in a man and human in general, he proves it that love will eventually reached everyone and everywhere despite the distance, culture, nationality, religion, etc god i love him sm embeddedurl
the point is becoming so sharp that someone will get hurt. society, at this point, demands to know who you voted for, who you sleep with, and what "religion" you adhere to. personal life is dying. you do not need my approval to follow your life. i am not your judge. he is greater
hernameis_bea it really is a whole new level of hatred and evil when you see religion but not human suffering first. esp towards ppl who only months ago were sending private ambulances to help. a new low!
rt popandtheology: theology religion
rt aceraphale: the religion: embeddedurl
the paper's aim is to examine whether there is a causal link between “race” hate, particularly islamophobia (defined as anti‐muslim feeling and violence based on “race” and/or religion), and media treatment of muslim communities in britain in recent years. dontpaniciammuslim
markcurtis30 most on the left who rail against 'identity politics' and ' emotional liberal individualism' (especially re: race, religion and gender) are actually guilty of same, basing their stances on feelings of discomfort/confusion and their identity on a fetishised form of 'rationalism'.
where is this going? flag march participants chanted their ugly repertoire, including insults to the prophet mohammad + against the religion of his followers. today border police used a 'skunk' spray truck against a protest called "in solidarity with the prophet mohammad"...
very well written. while the west "continues to prosper" after getting rid of the religion from their system, they're lacking in some values. it's very apparent when crimes that are legally right is okay for them and they're constantly battling against what's right and wrong. embeddedurl
rt elusivewithu: “love has nothing to do with religion. love does not divide” madonna pride2021 embeddedurl
rt halalhomer_: the same people who say “religion was made to divide us” are the same people who fight over politics
arresting of doctor umargautam and mufti jahangir qasmi is against indian constitution because article 25 gives us freedom of preaching of religion. standwithumargautam
breitbartnews no excuse for messing with someone's religion.
dehughy clemsonfb thekjhenry jmac_2332 d_rench_ airmgreene _ejda1 so please gobut back to your church and bug off and remember the history of your religion
ilhanmn one hate should not be justify other hate. nobody is perfect so r d muslims. we need to respect others equally on d basis humanity but not by religion or colour. it’s shameful act and everyone should condemn it.
rt jason_d_lowe: when jesus and love are not the center of our faith it will inevitably be a weaponized religion
mustknow_realityofjesus holy christianity was established from hazrat isa. devotees of jesus christ the soul was called christian and the holy christian religion rose. to know more visit satlok ashram youtube chanel. jesusfactsbysaintrampalji embeddedurl
amysayswtf sad, really. i went to catholic school my whole life and it really turned me against religion. now i can see the benefits of appreciating figures like jesus and the archangels. no need to tithe 10% or be afraid of burning forever though lmao
darrenpestacch1 maureennkelly yes, i am not religious either, but i appreciate biden's choice to be devout, and he deserves communion over so many others who routinely receive it then live their lives however. religion should not be mixed into politics anyhow.
religion is so, so stupid. embeddedurl
amitmalviya whatever you write we will not allow any conflict of religion here. whatever is done now is result of past faulty governance.
theufojoe this topic has huge similarities with early stage religions, i’m sure many of you would have come to the same conclusion. pretty much everything that is written about within this field has us parallel in old religious texts. is that all this is, a new age religion in the forming?
measushanbean sxnhyunwoo tinyyoongi jaybumaom at least they are spreading awareness, this guy has done tons of bad racists stuff and i don't even know how people still support him, i am kind of so angry about him especially because i am muslim and he disrespected my religion in his song but even other than this-
with all this talk of colonizers, how about a shout out to the mongols - most benevolent empire ever, never forced their language or religion on anyone
jackposobiec enforce being the operative word here. pedophiles, millions murdered, and you still think you're relevant? religion is dying, along with the archaic belief system, now that people can educate themselves on its history. embeddedurl
discussion with bjp neta me: with all your mindless acts you have caused disaster & disgrace to india. how will you show your face to people? neta: as long as we have religion as shield, people will forget all of their losses & support bjp. if they don't, what for we have money?
both the hindu and muslim devotees had come to maghar with an intention to fight amongst each other, for taking the body of lord kabir and doing funeral as per their religion. but,after finding fragrant flowers in place of lord kabir's body, both the communities hugged each other embeddedurl
rt donnie_religion: 99 problems being broke can't be one
dumbrehoboam because we think one can be born into a religion. and actually all hhumams think that. nobody reads up or tries to challenge what tier parents taught asit is more convinient for us to keep beleiving in what they told us rather than finding our own truth
atheist_bad bagsnotfirst your country is so religious compared to canada. our reaction and response to religion is largely meh.
kritarth_pathak deehafizi mooo0o_7 you're here to criticize our religion? and did buddha did taught you to criticize others religion?
realliveliberal so sad to see the devil’s work done in the name of religion.
some of y'all really need to put your stupid evil religions aside when we are talking about nigeria's problems... cos una religion dey always useless 24/7.....
hilaryagro yes, everyone who thinks religion contributes to society's problems is a dumbass. "religion" is too broad and ill-defined, and people who talk abotu it like that usually see them all as alternate versions of christian fundamentalism
women defending religion is like a bird praising the design of its cage. womenempowerment
mrk_m7d agnostictheism is where one believes in god but not in religion. i hope that makes sense
swamy39 bjp has forgotten its basic structure, any special people in whose shelter it is going on, which is only exploiting the public, financially people are frustrated but engaged in the politics of religion, today people are losing their jobs. but this does not make any difference to
hola_dele vivi_obi young . religion is religion
john c. green explained the complicated role that religion plays in political polarization both between and within our two major parties: embeddedurl embeddedurl
fuck the religion, do you believe god told you to kill, discriminate and racism?? only idiots believe those books are written by him! any books that mankind provides as his words to slave human rape and kill children, suppress women and minorities and helpless human
ingramethomas the religion and bigotry came from dornan and humza. this was aided by other irish nationalists and she made no comment on the ridiculous nonsense they spouted. her bile and bias follow her lying nonsense. division is her way. incompetence is the snp way.
school board member encourages kids to remember 'jihad' in grad speech embeddedurl and now for something completely different, someone who acts as a racist, condemning racism. does she not read her muslim history? what muslims did in the name of their religion?
indiatales7 shivanipandayy if you zoom the image do you see something? tell me what you see.. anyone? sanatan is a cosmic religion,if we want some answers,then we have to look things in a different angle. tell me i am just overthinking embeddedurl
michaelbd the article is one big appeal to authority packed with naive takes, a background thread of tying "wokeism" as parallel to "totalitarianism"and not orthogonal, and as if religion has never had totalitarian manifestations. this article is just bad. not malicious bad. hs essay bad.
rightwingwatch benshapiro looney toons for christ! or is it three charlatans in a single video? try living without religion, and you know nothing changes! you don’t need religion, but you do need america first values. that’s all.
this is a question i struggle with, i mean i think so. however i don’t have a specific religion i link to. pretty much open discussion for me. embeddedurl
nssameerafzal pandeypoonam20 don't say muslims/ hindu . please kindly don't divide us in the name of religion ; he is sachha desh bhakta ( true patriot ) national hero . we proud to fell such a brave hero to serve people of india .
that is a rather broad bush you’re using. religion is actually the spiritual connection one person has with the universal power as they understand it. folks do find solace and inspiration in the old processes in churches but religion is personal. embeddedurl
no offense but i really dislike christmas specials for media that otherwise has no mention of religion. it feels so forced and alienating towards people of other religions.
soshangaan takethatdarwin pinkheretic donscot23 so if someone believes the moon is made of cheese, it’s ‘religion’? and odd definition but ok. and so something based on facts and evidence, is not religion? yes?
newscomauhq scottmorrisonmp the christian faith has been corrupted by greed and power for some time now. it’s closer to a cult than a compassionate religion.
alispeakstoo aakar__patel says a man who reads 5 times a day that almighty is a communal bigot and biggest fascist as he burn people of different religion for not following his book and words
thuso1africa why don’t you open your eyes? who said anything about religion? christianity is relationship and fellowship with god and not religion which is legalism. know the difference :backhand_index_pointing_up_medium-light_skin_tone: enjoy your day
axuity booshit8 thepaincake matmvb procyonsolis minarquistico caudilloxii if the message of religion had been lost and someone came along now and preached. don't you think it would sound as ridiculous as flat earth theory?
quest2046 lukewatsonnyc listeningtofilm new eden is interesting. it's very clever and clearly it's goldsman making a pitch for brave new worlds by breaking a core rule for trek. goldsman wants to make trek embrace religion more by setting back up the "mysteries" that star trek was a cultural oasis from.
_nurmuhacire _kfajk daniel85401173 rafiqqqihhh eidaadz emraanhking777 idf secular nations have the authority to enforce the law on public and private property, including religious sites. that's one of the benefits of religion and state being separated. idf wasn't there to do anything but clear the compound (which they did). i was talking about people.
rt b43franco: anthony fauci treats science like a religion. he thinks of himself as a high priest.
nicola sturgeon ‘ insists ‘ . she’s to stupid to understand science so turns to religion and bigotry . embeddedurl
norli07408229 adam93452 rafiqqqihhh hznizk cololiam9 idf so your admitting israel’s issue is based on religion? i think the disability lies with you and your logic
rt sodhisimarjeet: meghupdates conversion syndicate don’t have any religion except.........
alendrel one of my favorite eldar tidbits has always been "a cadre of genderfluid murderclowns is central to the religion of all three major factions, and they not only accept this with a straight face, but eagerly welcome the presence of the death jesters"
i always felt like doing a shownu golden tweet each night with my wishes underneath would make them come true and there were stages throughout my tweets were i felt like it had become a religion for me anyways. i will miss doing it but i shall take a break for now. gn!
youngndharmic vhpdigital malhar_pandey hindudharma1 theintrepid_ i highly doubt the intent of this research, as it shows many responses from ‘different’ religion with same as indigenous ones. they are purposefully showing them alike & hiding the doctrinal mindset. guess, different standards has been used in sampling for different religion.
i’m so grateful for the hard lessons i’ve learned at the hands of my abusers in the evangelical church. they have galvanized my courage, sharpened my voice, and helped to clarify my mind. mccjasper thechurch hypocrites faith eucharist christianity religion
john_anti_trump this is about control, shaming and self-righteousness not religion. this is the same church that made it a capital crime to read the bible for yourself until the gutenberg press made that impossible. they always lose. they just hurt a lot of people doing it.
smallbeefus randomnamegen11 crypto_atheist_ calcon2021 in_salf you make an awful lot of assumptions, just as you do with your religion. according to you, i'm doing atheism wrong? please enlighten me.
_mohammed_afzal chinks1011 gauravpandhi i know...:) these ignorant morons are so predictable! now...chomu will attack your religion next, wait...
jyotsnadevi33 vijaysantuka tushar_naya abhishek_oss naveen_odisha vbanno drmanojpgi singingamatya shishirgamang ajitsinghpundir apratimsai9 susantabiswal82 anuragmoha brindavanpatna2 nila3333 bjd_odisha cmo_odisha politicians hv already mixed religion & politics in india since it got it's independence. each n every elections r fought on religion ,caste , freebies & reservation base not on real basic reason/things in india. mahaprabhu d living god chaka ankhi sabu dekhuchi so as mahadev
christians attack democracy: members of the evil american version of the religion jeer pence for believing in elections uspoli uspolitics embeddedurl
mrivera11191 baligubadle1 what are the "good pastors" saying about their colleagues refusin communion to one of its most loyal congregates, a president for that matter? this is why politics & religion shouldnt mix. they forget his stance on abortion isn't just his alone. people (voters) support this too
surayaa_12 great read and very much in tune with my thoughts, even though i'm not in the us. separation of state & religion won't happen without a massive shift in consciousness. the good news is that if you look carefully, you can see this shift is already happening, albeit in slow motion.
regardless of ethnicity, religion, gender, or orientation, pkk protect earth & earthlings hebtdiefahnederpkk embeddedurl
a coward like the zionists of israel he would do something if he could get paid, but a believer in god. he is a volunteer, willingly will do something to get pleasure and reward in this world and the hereafter. he made for his religion, without being paid worldly possessions. embeddedurl
no matter what is she doing giving respect to your religion and if it’s islam is the best thing ever. the women got unlimited controversies if iammathira can say this malala go suicide miakhalifa malala mathira embeddedurl
dear brother here is a great dawah opportunity please be part of spreading this blessing and goodness new_release jesus in the holy quran spread the message because your religion is great and deserves a lot from you embeddedurl embeddedurl embeddedurl
best services guaranteed calculus someone help thesis religion biology literature homework physics essay pay final chemistry dm qualitypapers4
bataille reading group is taking on the theory of religion over the next few weeks—all are welcome, let me know if you want to join us! embeddedurl
kinda sad to see people opposing the idea of using religion as one of the tools to combat mental illness. came across a research on changing one’s habits, mental state etc. in that research, only a few were able to change and maintain. and almost 70% who succeeded used religion embeddedurl
iputuadepratama what do you think about religion ?
yongkhor1 36wabznasm there are many anomalies in the teaching of religion. most of us walk away with an understanding of what is wrong and what is right. many catholic priests, monsignor and bishops abused the trust placed in them and abused those who were put in their trust. may they rot in hell
a bloated melon without water spewing v€n0m on hindutva....!! cricket is a religion in india and it does not represent hindutva. but biscuits journos on payroll hardly use brains embeddedurl
“religion can give you an identity, it cannot fill your stomach, cannot get you a hospital bed or an oxygen cylinder, or help get the unemployed a job." embeddedurl
senschumer yes, let’s focus on skin color and religion above all else. that’s not racist.
yoga is not a religion but it is a science, science of wellness, science of youth, controlling body, mind and soul. in these bad situation one of the best remedy to stay fit yoga internationaldayofyoga internationalyogaday2021 yogaasanaswithsbi yoga embeddedurl
josipfcb93 guess she just lives for a reason or purpose that her religion gives her. i hope she didn't just tweet to trigger folks.
"ms. jordan is clearly a 'secret muslim', as it's the only religion she knows anything about." - intro to western religions, ~2008 embeddedurl
what’s that religion where they only eat twice a week? this eating everyday thing kinda gettin expensive
you never ever fuck with a person's religion or culture. unbelievable strength is unleashed when you mess with a person's religion or culture. embeddedurl
markofthed we've always been tribal. religion just added a really hefty layer. the goal is to remove all such false barriers. nationality ethnicity religion politics nomorenerp
protecting hinduism in 21st century is 3 fold effort. a. understanding, inculcating and following dharma in yourself and family b. protecting the dharma follower from adharma follower c. protecting the respect of the religion itself, from attacks by malafide forces. embeddedurl
asyounotwish cppunecity as a proud hindu i am completely hurt and i will make sure people in my vicinity with same religion as him will not sleep well.
the arrest of umar gautam and mufti jahangir qasim is a blatant suppression of article 25 of the constitution that guarantees the freedom to profess, practise and propagate one's religion. the demonization of dr zakir naik was one such step. islamophobia_in_india embeddedurl
emsalasme mhdksafa what a shallow view of religion you have
***today 8pm*** lannie richmond embeddedurl voice of indie podcast freshinkgroup hosts stephengeez beemweeks embeddedurl pastor author religion associate pastor hell evangelist satan devil church book a voiceofindie freshinkgroup embeddedurl
nisargdhamecha7 won't drag it to petty discussions over islam; no religion is perfect. the community continues to face oppression due to some miscreants and misguided fanatics across the globe. only if they start giving it back to the radical mullahs, much like what s. rushdie & javed akhtar do!
bigter bigter is populated by an abandoned industrial-age civilisation. the dominant species was a playful race of arthropods with four prehensile limbs. organised religion was prevalent, and physical might was highly prized in their culture. embeddedurl
ranvijayverma7 myogioffice myogiadityanath you are not getting the point. rules and action against those. who is changing their name after marriage, hiding their identity. forcing woman to change religion after marriage. i am not sure about you. what if you are also just changing the name and putting comments.
when people attack religion, faith, the churches, mosques, synagogues, or, worse, persons, our entire culture, society, and common good are weakened and threatened. embeddedurl
islimfit honestly. i'm a strong believer of election changing things but mehn! i swear down these men built a sophisticated political structure that once you discover the corrupt system them go fight you with religion(and this one is super strong in africa)
49_bluey kevin_maguire the g7 has called for, looking at the atlantic charter and therefore all to give those promises the greatest chances of success.crypto financing modern slavery and people traffiking and terrorism encryption on the dark web doesn't seem freedom of speech and religion or want and
imnuso exactly. once you understand bayesian probability or even basics from popper you immediately see all the larpers that use science as a religion. i also like how is eric weinstein against peer review because it mostly works as a censorship machinery.
victormochere religion.
architecture innovation hikma: religious and secular complex design: yasaman esmaili, mariam kamara architecture buildings construction project design community culture religion niger africa art religion building constriction innovation resilience sustainability embeddedurl
pinkytoe14 alfredobake i support lgbtq it's just wrong to make someone feel bad about them being in there religion.
appyy_97 food cannot take your religion. its a wrong conception for all religions. habit of food depend on the environment of the place for sustenance. i have tried all sorts of food negated by all religions & when i looked at myself infront of mirror i have not lost anything. its a myth.
heaberald getfiscal perhaps after a millennia or two as the underdog religion, we'll be ready for christianity. tech proved we're still deeply pagan. if you're in a boom area and there's a hiccup in your tragectory, it's a sign the god of wealth is punishing you. you must be shunned.
just because we don't react doesn't mean we will take anything thrown our way. about time this group stops spreading fake news about our religion. let's not tolerate this. report them, now. bananoopmandal jainunites jainism stopanoopmandal embeddedurl
hashim_abbass pcheppudira when in 1948 india said it would plebiscite conditions were different shekhar abdullah was leader of kashmir and he supported india (till 1950 atleast). people then would not have voted for religion as pakistan looted them.
realfaredeals rx_404 socketuning therecount mrjamesob it is a religin issue and they follow it as worship that’s why they proud , but if we back to your country even your culture and religion we will find this so try to discuss your country issues before you criticize others embeddedurl
_megconley there are definitely large costs to both. i would never claim that to be untrue. but i simply do not agree with you that leaving religion is “impossible.” nor do i believe it is more costly or more impossible.
nytimes "imagine there's no countries, it isn't hard to do, nothing to kill or die for, and no religion too" -john lennon i wish john, i really wish.
swamy39 sab jumla hai bhai jumla . lutyens darbar knows dat people’s memory is short & they r divided on caste,religion,language,region lines - so no fikra about nose diving economy. incompetent mediocrity in governance can’t do any thing 2 revive economy, but capable 2 encash on pakis.
if ted lieu disagrees with the bishops, perhaps he should become an atheist because no religion approves of (long term) or habitual abortion. you can’t rewrite the bible to appease your lifestyle or gain votes from your constituents. embeddedurl
you, a living person, how will god give you the book of a dead man for your salvation? and if you do not understand a word, who will you talk to? this is why god says that the fight for the expansion of the religion or message of a dead prophet is a satanic mission.
poetrygreetings only1milito drunktweetn thelonious monk taught me a simple lesson: if you need the sheet music, then you don’t know the tune. same with religion: if you need a book, then you don’t know the spirit.
the right’s obsession with guns is out of control. they worship guns like they’re part of a religion. if you’re able to support me in monitoring the far right, please consider a retweet and a donation here. embeddedurl
that’s my religion! embeddedurl
if you judge a religion (islam) by the wrongful conduct of its followers then remember many hindus practices casteism this doesn't mean hindu religion (scriptures) promote caste-based discrimination/exploitation same goes with islam
'it was decided that making vile, sexist remarks in public didn’t make you ineligible to opine on religion and morality.' - ex-ch4 news boss dorothy byrne. inexplicable. embeddedurl
eddie izzard - religion randomizedrandom of music comedy spokenword so you never know what will play next! lock it in to the best streaming station on the net! direct: embeddedurl high quality: embeddedurl embeddedurl
fvkked jayeljac jaime4022 _sjpeace_ im starting to think you were dropped on your head as a baby. ur so obviously using this whole thread to push ur anti-muslim agenda. honestly go touch some grass and stoo being so obsessed with the religion if ur no longer part of it.
rt jaspergregory: i am skimming this 2020 deep dive into the bronze age origins of greek religion embeddedurl
hahayatu the elites/ clerics in the north successfully wired our people to always react base on some control lines. and that gave them an easy control tool. religion/poverty are easy trigger for them when they want spontaneous reactions.
sole0526 believe what you want to believe. a persons religion or religious beliefs dont really matter to me at all. it’s just unbelievable how often this particular religious organization gets involved in politics and is always on the wrong side. it’s almost impossible to be wrong so much
alexvanhorn4 bruh. specifically new orleans. you know what religion is most similar to new orleans voodoo? haitian voodoo. you know what celebrations are most similar to mardi gras? carnival. do you know who speaks a creole language of west african and french? haitians.
don't tell the religion of peace but i've had all their virgins.... oops
yassinelaadraou jewishistoryguy omer_elmakais exactly. bella supports palestinians regardless of their race, or religion. people who want to memory-hole palestine don’t have a monopoly on judaism.
i went to catholic school, my music teacher was also my religion teacher cklebbs
isn’t religion so weird .. like how can i actually trust all this
please, stop saying this generation will save the future. every generation, every race, every nationality, every ethnicity, every religion, every zip-code every one must work together to save our future. using love and education as our only weapon.
boutrousted religion, lol
naganhagan1 meden__12 cfc__sam04 the bottle might have been non alcoholic but the doesn't change the fact heineken is widely known for alcoholic beverages, let the man follow his religion
don't spread this issue in the name of religion. . because sanghis do not know the laws of islam. if india follows the islamic laws , i guarantee no one can dare to rape. and i strongly condemn this rape nationally bcz islam teaches us humanity. justiceforourgirl embeddedurl
petermccormack temqt ericrweinstein stephen_wolfram eric spent years trying to explain why religion matters, and i knew there was something there, but it took bitcoin and breedlove22 for it to actually make sense to me.
wattpad heart doesn't know gender, caste , religion race when it fall for the right soul
what religion are you?
jaredcid1 radionicchannl dontpokethefox mt_kitsune 1950-1980, history class would do you well. no it was boomers, and pre-boomers attempting to stop rock & roll from entering the world of gen z by using religion as a weapon.
the top 3 we actually deserve; kingdom, francis and akunna . i just hope nigerians will replicate this during next election. voting for merit and excellence as against tribe, religion and sentiments nigerianidol
siddiquifariqa 1)islam is religion of peace. 2) mughals made india rich and prosperous. 3) british have us the "idea of india". 4) madrasa are for the purpose of education. 5) love jihad doesn't exist.
are you willing to die for those christians? do you really feel fly in true religion? did you think you would survive 5.56s? you spent a band on a burner and died with it
maryfrommarin publiusnv iotwclaudia proofblog nanaluvsshoes johncitysq stellasplace1 i_tcom docwashburn ericsteelelive anonyval well it’s a good thing i’m an old guy and religion will not let me have a vaccine
habibi_uk leavehq has anyone pointed out to them that we have written evidence from roman historians that the jews were living in judea, 2000 years ago, that's half a millennia before mohammed was born so several centuries before their religion came along to claim it?
the local sikh community of jammu and kashmir urges amitshah ji to get a strong law implemented in jammu & kashmir (just like uttar pradesh & madhya pradesh) mandating permission of parents in inter-religion marriages to stop these forced nikahs of sikh minority girls ani embeddedurl
god allah islam asia asiarising america newsmax religion westernmedia embeddedurl
chrisbo62 carolineryanjef pocruises talkradio juliahb1 iromg private business cannot require whatever it wants to. try telling someone they're not welcome because of their skin colour, religion, appearance etc. etc....
i’m ashamed. i’m ashamed of what happens in the name of our gods. hindus in india and abroad.. who want every muslim to constantly condemn terrorism in the name of islam.. am i hearing your voices now when our gods and our religion is being misused to justify this brutality?!? embeddedurl
“wyd today?” “what i planned to do.” no where, in no world, in no time period, in no country, in no state, in no religion, in no culture... is that an appropriate response.
aquillaleon epettingj roguewpa smalwigwamlight religion isn’t special. sometimes there’s more coercion and dogmatism in secular contexts and sometimes there’s less.
yoga day healthy life day with human humanity religion only one religion agreement peace full rispect full together life costly embeddedurl
individual sovereignty, natural immunity, & a personal relationship with your creator &gt; big government, big pharma, & big religion.
jnip9090 helveticfreedom sensus_fidelium usinholysee catholicism isn't an effeminate religion. embeddedurl
akali leader who mocked hinduism as 'weak religion' for anti-conversion laws now wants same laws to save sikh women from forced religious conversions embeddedurl
it’s always about affection/love/happiness and similar things that you targeted with the sword of religion. you can promote islam but idk why you put that same sword in sheath about other sins. there’s also jurisprudence about violence in islam? no? embeddedurl
dman_1007 zacksmi95369864 abdullahadam ik_hamesha exmuslimsorg now, jesus expanded on the word adultery. that is an abrogation. this is one way on how we define abrogation in our religion. also, before you could swear and make an oath. now you can not as per jesus. funny how you restrict abrogation to that. where did you get that definition
join crh co-directors on thursday (6/10) at 11am et for "beyond the state: rethinking race and religion" winnifred fallers sullivan (winnisullivan) and j. kameron carter (jkameroncarter) will speak on the current politics of religion in the us. embeddedurl embeddedurl
do you think that the people who abuse other people for being a different race, religion, gender or orientation will ever realise that they are revealing themselves as the stupidest, saddest and most insecure humans in our society? or are they too stupid?
mrsgandhi i want incindia to declare openly that they treat hindu muslim sikh isai and all other community with same eye like a honest judge does not discriminate in caste and religion when passing order priyankagandhi rahulgandhi
sheetalpronamo actressmadhavi being a pacifist is better than being a bakth & lap dog ... mrs sheetalpronamo ji irrespective of religion & place .... you being bakth showing partiality among religions & raising communal riots
hey so does anyone know where the line of disrespect is when it comes to greek mythology? or if there even is one? like, i know some people are pretty touchy about religion (probably for good reason), but idk if it's the same with mythology or not
ellaflash brunthebear simple_shaman devilorbital vazr00 elohim_gadol christianity is religion. nothing "reaches down".
ram and allah are one 600 years ago before departing from maghar god kabir while explaining his knowledge to people said that ram and allah is one. people of all religion are the children of one god. historyofmaghar lord kabir is supreme god. saintrampaljim embeddedurl
jeanmarcbenoit the university has a duty to accommodate people on various protected grounds, including religion and disability (disability here could include medical reasons for not being vaccinated.) embeddedurl
rt jeonboops: ot7 daechwita is my religion, send tweet embeddedurl
rt okoriejacob5: xpsilver1 we can't deny our identify ...biafra is our religion
fuck religion. embeddedurl
pauljpitt1967 josie_london it suits their agenda to perpetuate division. at the moment they're using colour but they can quite easily switch to religion or gender. anything really to create division among the sheep. these people deserve a jolly good beating.
pauldbowen petenshirl nazshahbfd those of that religion should not be in any job that puts their views first, we are not those people and not that view, we have women’s rights and childcare ,they violate both
i am not a hindu. i am a dravidian. my ancestors were dravidian but were converted to this vile religion they exchanged there freedom from brahmanism for privilege and for the right to oppress other castes. but i will not fall into this trap. i condemn the sabarimala and the
“christianity is the right arm of whitesupremacy.” religion theology domesticterrorists whitewash baptists iuic wisdom church embeddedurl
immak02 ravish_real very bad..india is a multicultural.democratic country..it’s really shameful if they are doing in the name of religion
mickpuck i hate that too. generosity a state of mind. i think cheapness/meanness is related to paranoia & is a mental illness! nothing to do with nationality, religion, race or any other arbitrary boxes.
faith &gt; religion
anyways since i can't tweet out something that might be controversial about religion how about we talk about this tenderloins video that was made and how everybody performed beastality on the mermaid embeddedurl
islam_teachhumanity islam is considered a universal religion in which there is no siege of territory, no restriction of empire, no epidemic of nationalism, no disease of racism, no boundaries and no specific siege. has depth and versatility jointeamisp
give me that old time religion embeddedurl
leahnatalia_ v4mpgri religion is a form of science tbh
how can i believe a nigeria police force that makes staying on the road and collecting money to every vehicle that passes a religion? nigeria police is more dubious than nigeria government... stop listening to their lies. they killed innocent youthd as killers of gulak.
them being supportive and respectful about diverse subjects but also them criticizing my religion in front of me
laurenboebert religion itself is never the problem. it's the people running the religion that taint it with corruption and actual criminality. same for our government. power-hungry, evil, sick-minded people... we are no longer republican vs. democrat. it is now good vs. evil. godalwayswins
america is & always will be a nation of free religion. beautiful picture will embeddedurl americasbestpicsandvideos embeddedurl
expressing closeness? lol clown show religion embeddedurl
rt aliadair22: using religion as an excuse to discriminate against people you have made no effort to understand is deplorable.
the north would always find it easy to penetrate yorubas through religion. this is a problem i’m afraid we may never solve . embeddedurl
sardesairajdeep terrorism has no religion but it has age. 84 year olds cannot be terrorists even if they have committed terror acts in their 30s, 40s, 50s, 60s, 70s. once you turn 84, sab kuch maaf.
stephenathome that’s great and all, but what’s your take on the catholic church contemplating denying communion to those who believe in pro-choice? sounds just like what jesus intended for the holy benefactors to do as a highly spiritual and welcoming religion.
westpole71 cfcdubois politicsforali why have u brought in religion and politics into this?
may allah put shame on those who engage in provoking and spreading hate against one's religion. may allah put shame on those who disrespect their own parents. such people deserve no respect. alhamudlillah! embeddedurl
religion of hipocrite mohmahfudmd majelisulamaid muipusat kemenag_ri dpr_ri itjen_kemdikbud kemkominfo polhukamri kemendagri_ri jokowi nadiemmakarim kemdikbud_ri na_dirs divhumas_polri komnasham aagym ridwankamil bnptri??? embeddedurl
so happy they are doing something right by the old gods from a pagan religion. embeddedurl
alexkamillakroy if you excuse violent bigotry as human nature please remember it's just that: a bullshit excuse people are better than that and using biology to excuse death, bigotry, and centuries-long oppression is almost as senseless as using religion to excuse it
mikelovestweets no. its a wasted vote. also, voting for someone purely on basis of colour/race/religion is wrong. unfortunately it is quite common and happens in many parts of uk.
paulmeekperth another aspect to this is the lack of professionalism within the media. imagine if business leaders were routinely interrogated on personal life, race, religion etc as professional players are. good mental health is also about respect and professional boundaries.
rt v169u: a dystopian world where 'religious experience' is replaced by 'talking about religion' and nobody ever notices
natalieben horrifying, and besides the evident potential for discrimination based on race or religion, also concerned by the suggestion that this might punish non-conformity and discriminate against ‘non-typical’ people, such as those with autistic traits. embeddedurl
_haitiankid_ thebryo cylantoi llkips see what religion is doing to people
“we should never wait for science to give us permission to do the uncommon; if we do, then we are turning science into another religion.” - joe dispenza
jackposobiec conceptualjames once they have imbibed the woke religion, they are devout believers.
divineddt channelstv if its religion so why can't we leave in peace? lets everybody practice his religion and stop this ethnic diversion..and stop hating one another
their definition of orthodox or katthar is df for every religion. hmare masle m to topi, dadhi, masjid, madarsa, hijaab, burkha sb kattharpanti ki nishani h. so their claim of comparison of believers with other religion's orthodox is baseless.
i don't hate religion. i hate extremism (the digital graffiti project 14) embeddedurl grey cross studios graffiti streetart conceptualart surrealism art artist embeddedurl
work is worship! karma is character! karma is the real caste! karma is the beginning of life! and in karma is the end of life! therefore, till the last breath, there is only one religion of man, and that is karma!
religion embeddedurl
senrickscott scotus so why ru using your religion to interfere with my rights?
cynthiadawnroy a cult is socially unacceptable whereas religion is socially acceptable. if major religions were small in numbers, they would be assigned cult status, since for all intents and purposes they resemble cults. but they have numbers & history of status on their side.
hire us to help with: biology assignment political science theology abstract hrm film studies entrepreneurship ethics resume tests liberal psychoanalysis economics religion theory creative writing tourism comparative literature algebra quiz whatsapp/call +1 (551) 270-9751 embeddedurl
mckim_jodi triciam72881737 mythinkinghere andersenangus firelecce it was the catholic churches ( cults ) that did this not those of christian faith. catholic religion is a cult full of abusers, murderers that need to be held accountable and severely punished for their evil, extremely cruel crimes against these children and their families.
rt mollyvegas: kizmet311 yes lol it’s like against the carrie religion. what the heck, stacey , but also, votecarriecmt cmtawards
thinkinhashtag shibu_dibrugarh 180 million people of bangladesh, 30 million people of w.b were all bengalis from their ancestors. converted by rape, tyranny and sword. the history of bengalis has been decimated by this religion. i dun understand what would take these remaining bengali hindus to open their eyes
atheist god religion bible faith church atheism noreligion religionfree antireligion freedomfromreligion goodwithoutgod nogod godless heathen nonbeliever skeptic secular humanist freethinker think logic reason boldatheism sin embeddedurl embeddedurl
i know... but that shouldn't stop people from asking it, i believe! i'm a hindu, but do i need to visit temples every day? smear ash on my forehead, chant gibberish??? no. i'll continue to believe what i want to believe about religion, throw out the rest!! embeddedurl
please please be careful of what you post online cuz you don’t know who will take what you say about religion in whatever fucked up way.
“religion taking over humanity“ with varun govind, abhishek s, gautham gunaal. today at 5:30 pm on clubhouse! embeddedurl
glbdallaghan mededchat mededchat t4 i don’t mean that way. we teach our students how to handle biases related to cultures, beliefs or religion in this course.the same way we can teach students to handle biases or to avoid biases in taking care of lgbtq patients same like others in the community meded
fruitkace bad decision. people can believe in any religion they want but this has nothing to do with child services. the basic argument is child services,adult supervision of and taking care of the child.if you refuse to provide that then you are out.religion/art has no place in law/gov't.
nierautomata fans have found their religion. nierreplicant embeddedurl
religion is a mixed blessing. new research indicates religion protected mental health during the covid-19 outbreak but also undermined efforts to save lives embeddedurl
ryanshaw_98 scootermagruder okay, so we are right back to faith being the word we use to say we believe without reason. why do we choose to suspend the idea of waiting to know before saying something is true for religion?
rt sourslewis: people who try to use their religion to justify them being homophobic are weird asf
y'all stay using religion as a stepping stool to speak out of allyuh ass and come for people that not even studying you find something else to talk about embeddedurl
resentful religion teacher tomatoey
rt amino_aciiid: boy do i have a religion for you embeddedurl
aaronma17249641 calgarypolice canstopcrime the canadian human rights act (act referring to a piece of legislation) prohibits harassment, discrimination based on 11 prohibited grounds, 2 of which are race and religion. now, instead of demanding info from others on twitter, go learn something.
jdcskiponi estleton12 cnn when pauline ( nicene ) christianity became the official religion of rome, the first thing they did was declare the church of jerusalem ( called at the time the ebonites ) along with all other sects of christianity, heretics.
i support my national football team, i don't care what colour, race, religion or sexual orientation they are because they are english players. but they have to realise they are in the entertainment industry and rely on fans so keep politics out of football
historyofmaghar when both hindus and muslims removed the bedsheet from above the body of lord kabir ji, they didn't found any body inside. only beautiful flowers were laying there. both religion cried and divided those flower in 2 parts. watch shradhha channel at 2 pm daily embeddedurl
manjinder singh sirsa mocked h!nduism as 'weak religion' when we said "let's all come together to stand united against forced conversions and love jihad." but now, he is crying after forced conversion of 2 sikh girls in j&k. lovejihaad mssirsa embeddedurl
i love how my very existence is a religion. does that make me a god? embeddedurl
drpradeepchinta ndtv aajtak abpnews zeenewsenglish zeenews cnnnews18 pmoindia sardesairajdeep shekhargupta the worst of the worst viggurajababuji is lifted by his binamies of yellow media drama paid artists.vigguraja has no ethic and moral values. the worst mp in indian politics.vigguraja must be treated the strongest treatment for his worst comments(caste& religion)in the society!
iamjavedashraf where in my tweet i said don't follow your own religion? please show. i would like to stand corrected. keep your nation first, keep nation before your religion, unity in diversity is the message.
mistercommodity hypocrisy is seemingly practiced as religion by these two fools.
ranchedcruz dawg that is religious shouldn’t force a religion on a kid
christian music embeddedurl via cmichaelpatton agree! amazing grace, my creator gives me no title of deprivation, isolation & misdirection, not a wench or born in sin/sinner or saint, religion played a role in survival in duress
the next message is from someone who became fans last year because of youtube alogarithm she wants to eat with jaejoong if she got accepted in the university she wanted he said he will pray for her to all gods even tho he doesn't have religion
i am happy to converse with people of any or no religion but i do ask that you not be a dick about it. if you're a rando who pops into my mentions to lecture about "sky daddy" or your only contribution to a discussion of loki is "norse mythology isn't real," you get blocked.
rosafirefox thing180264923 cathysaidit chadwick_moore dog i thought god jesus and the holy spirit were the same person figure out ur religion before you start saying dumb shit
yaboiroi18 i contirbute to this religion embeddedurl
diet_adderall oh no i totally agree. grew up evangelical and saw a lot of the same shit lol. only managed to retain a belief in g-d sort of involuntarily through personal experience much of which cldn't be accounted for by the religion i was brought up w/
stephenwill richardgrenell yamiche curious, what does religion have to do with the media covering up for democrats? i’m just trying to see the connection/logic of this tweet.
luhclip religion is where a lot of morals and ethical values come from. so if religion is completely gone scientists would just do whatever which would be scary.
i'm a holonaught , agent-centric data sovereignty is part of my religion. rug hunting is a complicated profession. this is the post-blockchain way. holochain holo embeddedurl
new tumblr post: "call for articles: jnt journal of narrative theory" embeddedurl cfp, callforpapers, religion, religiousstudies, acrel
not_2_see timmins316 hbardell1 wait a second. aren't you aware of nakba, and how 750k palestinians were driven from their homes by jewish terrorists like the irgun in order to make room for the "jewish state?" fuck religion. i do not care what the fairy tale bible says. it's no different than the nazis.
bleeker185 y3hudini wrong. judaism is the traditional religion of the jewish people.
15teejay all religion
tediballa observe62419804 tarafdarz khanumarfa so when did you guys find the sound/frequency of sun?a five years ago? with ultra modern equipments?that frequency is the symbol of our religion. "" relation between tides and moon have been calculated by us 1000's of years before when your jesus wasn't even born or incarnate
i kept my opinion about your religion to myself. you should do the same too.
religion is just a way to systematically control people's actions, thoughts and fears by way of "the faith"
pedrope72244573 systemtwo1 parikpatelcfa c'mon man, its religion-based, you know only the men get to dodeca-dip
kemalistp in our case, i think it will still take a generation more to work through our obsession with religion. only after that might there be hope for progressive politics.
no religion favours women like islam? i mean....women don’t have to take their partners name, aren’t expected to fast when they’re on their periods, a man isn’t allowed to spend his wife’s money unless she gives it to him, after giving birth, sex isn’t allowed for 40days....
pontifex will these people never get this tragic pope's message about the great religion of peace and the great abrahamic religions? - "woman converts to islam, plots jihad bombings in new york city because of ‘islamophobia’" embeddedurl
dorrit_r stpolishook resist_dwp realhasdaic priestsanity ladyalmagreen xolo27i pball01 toprantking rasputinish lisatrainer10 moshepupik1 artspeakcentral hummusologist sadcjp ani_bencohen anastasiaklynch scripteladora exposefakestine hebmacman gazellagazella e_neko_san adhamsa70052369 david_starof dreyfusshawn hillshaveeyes02 ec78452515 miriaml99472550 real__ari p3ng1z savtah8 margolisshana slax43 nudiustertian_1 star74634907 pakeha56 ronkonoma ayntrump serhumanomiguel bilmishmish nifkadimnohahim angelin80379301 bluegreenberg samuellasker myheartbelow ronoue_yuri 7_nets kalambish abuali637 peasantproud and now its the largest religion in the world
warning: this article may contain political and religious humor. read at your own risk. will bible publishers give into president trump’s demand? - via pensignal embeddedurl humor politcis religion
this is not about religion. we are in a spiritual battle with satan. he has a agenda that is crystal clear. his disciples are everywhere, including the government, biden is a disciple of satan. they are preparing to usher in the anti-christ. depopulation & one world government.
bewakufff democracy is a religion.
rt mkumari99: unknownmiraclesofgodkabir humanity is our religion. kabir prakat diwas 24 june must read embeddedurl
day 192: the damnable magnet of false religion embeddedurl
fucking religion. embeddedurl
michaeljknowles christ didn't build the catholic church. he had no part in man made religion. the holy spirit leads to the church.
the crypto debate is refreshing because it’s like the one thing that isn’t really rooted in politics or religion.
supreme court upholds religious liberty over lgbtq rights and nods to a bigger conservative win ahead fake religion wins again..... embeddedurl
2wiredsecurity queeralamode johnross43 thats a problem with politics, history, religion, etc history of past is as reliable or as politics of the present, for the same reason. largely depends on who tells us.
lona_sagvan our questions of religion, komalayaty, kurdish, arabic and computer all got leaked.
nezha is a character from chinese folk religion, along with his siblings jinzha and muzha. i remember growing up and hearing stories about nezha with his wheels of fire and red ribbons. he is also mentioned in some classic chinese literature, such as journey to the west.
historical gurudwaras: akal takht | 5 takht of sikh religion embeddedurl
jazzyb tell her then how come she is still hindu by now she should have followed sikhism. and there is a big question if hinduism was that good there was no need of other religion to be created , our religion was created by guru nanak dev g who was born sikh. who never followed hinduism
when i see a nigerian equate the two, i see yet another product of a culture where right/wrong is not defined by what isn't/is harmful to another person or done with/without consent, but solely by what religion dictates isn't/is morally offensive. we don't see ourselves as human. embeddedurl
masks4sheep fellrunjen rose73357302 jordanbpeterson hahaha shut up bitch, you're like discount wish jordan peterson next tell me your mangled version of peterson's take on religion please. a good choice, btw. the classic, age-old retort of "what a loser arguing on twitter" in a twitter argument. also look up "wrought" lol
absolute lie... climate change is the new cult of the progressive left - this is their new religion... embeddedurl
askanshul so, son gave up the humanity , by converting into an abrahmic religion.
you’re demon you have no religion and no god! finger out! embeddedurl embeddedurl
voxabsurdum physorg_com .... religion causes many to ascribe all happenings to "the plan" of their god. also, christians and muslims believe that we don't need to care about this world as god (allah) will recreate it soon in perfect form. that is why we must confront religion .....
i bet wolfdad is one of those that when tr said, "islam is a religion, not a race", thought to himself, "he's got a point". embeddedurl
marcel38546894 midnight0040 acndmt ferretknife rachelmoor29 yet the church haters tend to be libs, who espouse the same christlike pretend concern for others, as long as they agree with the lib religion. they also assume the same self congratulatory "moral" superiority of religious zealots. you libs really are a dopey flock.
oregonrolleda20 the elven mage from a church of oghma in neverwinter brought some changes to that religion's leadership. his grandfather being a known dragon slayer led to a lot ties between various npc's responsible for the grandfather's death, and a broken dragon slayer sword with history.
it any caste, creed or religion, people sit together at dera sacha sauda and worship one god and do humanitarian works together. millions of congratulations on 73rdfoundationmonth of derasachasauda. embeddedurl
jamie2181 keep giving all those pedos your money. i sincerely hope someday you see the evil (pedos) and manipulation in religion. i’ll even “pray “ for you ......
weidertgroup weidert group doing the lord's work bringing late adopters into the inbound religion. :-)
the attempt to push this “health is a state subject” line is devious and cowardly- typical of the bjp. it’s as if we are citizens of the states only and not of the country. after dividing us on religion and caste, now dividing us on this? shameless!
kazumiochin i actually hate, in general, this idea of "ancient religion was just dumb people trying to explain things," opposed to like, a deeply shared experience across many different cultures.
danielbsingh1 bharatretold jose2ss gajapat29903005 brethrenindia eli_christian11 anilvittal belmod_sama deldiablo6 indianchristion krishnastory pani_sujit tam_chris20 milgeek_ herevolution fliptopbox13 gopalgtgorur ramrajya108 hr0mana sangrampati1836 blackgod638452 davechers sevakmasih dutta_anilk mrclandestine3 dgogee upratn sunder75265090 shiv92862895 noconversion vijithanaga eglesianicristo purnendudl christianenan1 prasadhendre victoryvox imvm7 xarathegreatcat humans_r_divine ps94162 romans83539 7sinners_gospel 1blibertarian vsharma0430 harish_purohit fille_de_zion marrivenugopal chebuz nikhil34185186 oh, by the way, he also said: "the whole body of supersensuous truths, having no beginning or end, and called by the name of the vedas, is ever-existent" "the vedas are the only exponent of the universal religion" "veda means the sum total of eternal truths."
wionews pope francis holi man ? or part of crimes committed by church ? church's hands are full of blood, what kind of religion is this ? covering up crimes is crime.
jonathanchait today the filibuster is being used to protect parties. the senate was set up to protect smaller states. a party like a religion is based on a common set of ideals. if it’s unconstitutional for the government to favour a specific religion the same should be true of a party.
mrtachilles i was a cradle catholic. i am trying to get my daughter to leave the catholic church. i didn't really want her to be a catholic but it was her choice. i already told her that i will not enter the church again so my granddaughter has to change religion if she wants me there
watching last week tonight on health care sharing ministries. and jfc, i can't think of a worse way to fuck up healthcare even more than to add christian fundamental religion to it.
hire our quality and legit services in; math chem biology essay due paper write english paper pay case study essaypay online religion assignment chemistry physic history econometrics marketing essay
religion apparel embeddedurl via youtube
pamelaapostolo1 sinixstar this religion is a catastrophe.
rt jordannareyes: prophetelvismbonye religion is a form of godliness left to believe that god is in the skies. embeddedurl
is your religion real when you commit atrocities in its name? whence comes your downward degeneration from the original revelation?
qtjaan drrekha99 direct threat? a human living with another living is a direct threat to your existence? you mean to say islam is an intolerant religion, right? why can't two believers live & love in their own way?
at morrow, we care for people regardless of faith, religion, culture, background or orientation. we will show our support of the muslim community for the lives lost on june 6 by wearing green or purple on june 10. 1/2 cbecares wearecbe
all4youthssa diversity is being able to share the same space with people from different backgrounds, religions, races, etc inclusion for me is being able to give everyone the same opportunities despite race, religion, backgrounds, communities bethevoice all4youthssa diversityandinclusion
rt anuragkukreti7: religion is about living in the 21st century, according to rules which were written in books 1000s of years ago.
i bought my tickets to mars though, and i've been training . you go follow make we go start new religion :man_shrugging_medium-dark_skin_tone: embeddedurl
rameezrajahmad farid_0v in short: you take the qur'ān and the sunnah, together with the understading of the salaf (see name), i.e. the first three generations of muslims, and you reject every innovated matter in the religion that came after them, be it in creed (belief) or ibadāt (acts of worship).
organized religion 'decays' as political ideologies increasingly viewed in 'religious light': niall ferguson embeddedurl foxnews
these men hide behind their facade of religion simply to justify their perversions and their unhealthy sexual appetites. knowing that not enough children will be carrying their names terrifies them because they think that's the only legacy they can leave behind before "heaven".
18-day forcible confinement on pretext of 'religion': "coercive conversion" in 21st century south korea embeddedurl remember
opinionatornews oh shit! my finger slipped so i voted for transphobic. it's obviously about freedom of speech and freedom of thought. we can't be compelled to go along with people's beliefs re: gender identity just like be can't be forced to believe in someone else's religion.
democrats are pitiful. they have a strange way of just ignoring truth and facts, in spite of amole evidence. its like a religion to them. embeddedurl
michaelkenken professional wrestlers are the only thing that keep me from bashing christians. somehow christian artist are the worst with a few notable exceptions. its sad because if used properly religion truly can help people, but instead we bicker and worry about the dumbest shit ever.
this inupi is my new religion. embeddedurl
guidoacasa rm3_sherbet lolrolfe going out tonight for a celebration beer with the few of your uber mates whose religion actually allows them to drink ?
the fact that the whole world is against one religion shows just how powerful that religion is. cometoislam savepalestinefromzionist savesilwan
not only is pakistan a blot on the image of islam, its also a state that misleads and mistreats its own citizens in the name of religion. its only a matter of time before it implodes. sindhudesh sindh freesindhudesh freebalochistan freepashtunistan embeddedurl
in a perfect world, there would be freedom of religion and freedom for all religions to exercise their religion everywhere. religioustolerance acceptance ssdopakistan
in other countries.... infrastructure- economy superstructure- culture in india bjp government infrastructure- religion superstructure- culture isn't it.
family gatherings are going to be so fun like hi i’m a raging feminist, think organized religion is a cult, believe in astrology and crystals, and if i hear you saying misogynistic or stupid shit i’m going to call you out what you gonna do? tattle to my mom bitch im almost 30
ttercjak jksmith18 graygwynne i have to believe in my own experiences. i don't believe in god or religion. don't confuse truth with evidence.
lyschristianson i’m guessing your religion is christian. coz you’re definitely looking better than holly molly in those red bottoms.
why do people think that a random person's random opinion can shake the very foundations of a centuries old religion.
write the truth or fight for truth and religion, even if death comes, people will say anything but i will be proud that my son has been martyred for the truth. ~s.balwinder singh (my father) greatwarrior_singhbhindrawale embeddedurl
maradonaafc beasthunter696 nabrathhhh registered cases also includes consensual sex and the conspiracies, which dickheads like you don’t know. and india is not the only country. at least not like some pissful communities who do grant fundamental rights on the basis of religion.
rt hothoshi_: i can create a religion out of spider era hoshi embeddedurl
wisdom from josephine baker b otd 1906: "surely the day will come when colour means nothing more than the skin tone, when religion is seen as a way to speak one's soul, when births have the weight of a throw of the dice and all men are born free, when understanding breeds love." embeddedurl
post obscene about hinduism, it runs on facebook! but giving good information about nation and religion does not work, this is the hypocrisy of facebook. ban_fb_in_india boycottfacebook embeddedurl
heavyweather8 snarkyanglican labyrinthweaver it's just the truth. organized religion is a business. if they actually cared about people, poverty would be a shameful accident from the past, and there'd be less white-suited preachers with decadent lifestyles.
borntomub this is interesting. i'll try to get to the vids at some point. to me it sounds like religion and culture are interchangeable with your definition. in which case i agree with the premise.
teezems kmsiddiqui2003 palmerreport everything the dems do isdonetocontrol and repress individuals regardless race. they just use race and almost everything else to try anddivide us- black,white,brown yellow,gay,straight, trans,religion, ad nausea. the only racists i know are dems.
you know what's funny. believing in god is why i'm alive. lots of people probably think, what an idiot. but also, believing in god is why those people are alive. let that sink in. yeah, you probably don't get it. because my religion, i allow people, to remain alive, from me.
dweeb_justin but joostin, didn't you know? freedom of speech and religion is only for white straight cis people, not the "others". they're the truly oppressed people here.
omogeradnoire see, i once thought it was a joke, but it’s not anymore because they can say anything to defend this ideology. it’s a religion right now.
700club kayleighmcenany you’re a nut job. the trump wh was one big lie and now here you are praising god?! you and your religion, that’s the big lie.
pioneerpuyol bensonsforjerry never said force it tho, in fact it’s forbidden to force religion lol
this is the biggest threat to freedom of religion in america since employment division v. smith in 1990, if not since the first amendment was ratified. embeddedurl embeddedurl
hey all! here's a new post you might have missed! go read about why...."prosperity gospel is anti-christian." embeddedurl religion christianchurch christianity
emmyjewel is that persons angle from a cultural perspective? they are observing that when atheism goes mainstream into a society it shatters the previous social cohesion and community feeling that a religion gave to people. (& naval is also annoyed that the delusion bubble has burst.)
we're the believer of the religion that preaches to stand for the victim even if he's from another religion. how can we be deaf to the screams of our own people? ehlequrran standwithpalestine imrankhanpti savesheikhjarrah freepalastine savesilwan
scepticalists konstantinkisin there are a few alarming specialists on sage. science sometimes seems as if it is morphing into a religion for some people.
mrtachilles i can't figure how this billion dollar monolith is the furthering of a tiny middle eastern desert religion. i think it's man made.
american values & virtues: freedom from government.. freedom from religion. freedom from election fraud. arizonaaudit embeddedurl
there is no excuse for a shitty behaviour...neither your race nor your religion nor sexual orientation is enough reason to be an asshole. embeddedurl
posting again page from high caste hindu woman by pandita ramabai. only thinh that unites bigotry is lack of reading. but i'll fight for my religion embeddedurl embeddedurl
rt siraj2284: religion is another tool for exploitation
stebl80 cnn go to embeddedurl for help in; maths chem biology essay due paper write english paper pay someone help paper case study essaypay do my homework online class religion maths assignment chemistry physics history econometrics marketing
sundersays ncpoliticsuk britishfuture unionjack saltire bbcsarahsmith littleash n i were naughty cos we defied official state religion of roi of poltical correctness & permanent kneeling for chinese or yellowlivesmatter
name one minority religion/culture/minority race that white ppl haven’t discriminated in the past... oh wait there’s no such thing
bulgakovspilate i remember around 2007ish overhearing some evangelical coworkers talking about the war on terror. they were afraid of the west loosing to islam because in their own words “muslims move their lives around religion, we move our religion around our lives”. it was eye opening for me.
when these aliens confirmed who wants to make the alien religion with me cmooooon we’ll make it pure and communal and with no hierarchy
kofiaw panjianoff mindblowinsax anatubogobiri god has religion cuz without religion there won’t be any god . it/he/she will fade away
son imprisoned for believing in a specific religion... parents and church police investigating forcing conversion education embeddedurl
seema_tahniyath inalaandheere pbhushan1 once upon a time earth was flat according to science.. it was later reviewed with more data.. here the problem is looking at more data is considered blasphemy according to this new pseudo religion
ayeshamiracle oh really! :"all the trouble in pakistan is due to girls wearing jeans and distance from religion."
you could make a religion out of this embeddedurl
ddllaaww peterrevo16 hankstern2 flaffenbam oliviac14337638 takethathistory inbybits2 waragoodwarfare laughchem godflythe rkdoctr malo_j galcondude heathenwombat apophis92141008 spikeinthemidge sicut_lupus umfpt doubledoublejon jools6691 melanie33720945 rodeson42 thedukeistheman hugh_bothwell 1pckt adrianturner01 pen_bird macbareth christgodtweet suiwazear rtheatheist nodisassemble5 crispycurry goatmunch ah_science scientiapercept slsstudios pg13scottwatson rayowen27617272 cleisthenes5 andyguy orna_verum thecolossis atheism_is_dead sslazz1 jordanbassior rockandanchor nosciencedenial painesreason desertvoice6 it is not an error to put that religion is synonymous with lies, as its entire mode of existence is to lie about reality. and i did not evade the question, as you did not ask a coherent question. even now, your question is incoherent. free from lies and perfect are different.
i just added “religion and the public conversation with muhammad qasim zaman” to department of religion at embeddedurl
immak02 religion is the root cause, then lets discuss religion. ask them abt theie religion from theory religious text. they will run away.. catch them and ask them until they r ashamed. period. straight talk....
nomoredayslost1 the_brumby i've come to the realization that the majority of the left is now statist. statism has taken the place of religion for many, filled all the gaps it left. nothing bad can be said about your deities (government approved experts), so there's no rationalizing out of it.
protecting migrants and honoring the humanity of those who died on the perilous trail is a kind of religion in southern arizona where spiritual leaders four decades ago founded the sanctuary movement. via asnowreports and photographer ross d. franklin embeddedurl
emilyfwright jqmcd georgetakei i've visited florida. those morons don't even realize they lost the civil war. flori-duh i'm a jewish democrat and i voted during my army service, absentee from germany. no one ever asked me about my political views or my religion. the army doesn't get political.
”it was very much as though our religious leaders themselves no longer believed in the worth of our religion and its importance in our lives.” embeddedurl
in islam yes we should conceal our sins but is that very sin is harming others in the process it’s your duty as a muslim to speak out about it. muslim men need to learn their own religion before they speak bc most of them are brain dead and misogynistic embeddedurl
in india hindus are in majority so every other religion can be practised peacefully otherwise in pakistan, bngladesh minorities r near about vanished, earlier european seen what church did and in arab what muslim did embeddedurl
thinking about it this tweet sounds like i let go of religion or something while actually i'm a hijabi muslim lol
a touching moments when the palestinian young man, jihad abu ramoz, met his mother after he was being detained for a week by israeli occupation. jihad is a secondary school student and he has been denied from doing arabic language and islamic religion exams. embeddedurl
prettyharper he look like he got that spiritual dick that’ll make you change your religion and allat
_bhushan17_ whynitish how you connect to a god who "so called" allows one category of religion to discriminate others?? even if you see today most discriminated class are still converting in comparison to other general categories ? for what reason ?
misledgeekboy iamcelinacc annamiepaul canadiangreens "week" i suggest you learn about the history of antisemitism before you continue to spew your ignorance. claiming jewish people are more loyal to their religion/people/(now)israel is literally the oldest trope used to persecute, discriminate against & "other" jews.
so now it's your, your religion against my, my religion my humble opinion against yours this does not feel like love it's your, your conviction against my, my conviction and i'd like to know what we'd see through the lens of love i want just this verse on repeat.
she in yellow is my religion embeddedurl
jah280618342 jjohnsonlaw the scope of science is the reality that is observed. a minister relies on faith. science doesn’t condemn you for not believing, however religion does.
sac terrorists stormed a monastery in thegone village, hopin in mohnyin last night, brutally beaten monks & tied with rope, destroyed the properties with gunfires. they have no respect on any religion. legalize nug july5coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
uberfacts with time travel, we could determine what religion is right (if any)
say: lo! as for me, my lord hath guided me unto a straight path, a right religion, the community of abraham, the upright, who was no idolater. q6:161
i only ask this because when we condemn russians right to free speech, we're defending our constitution, which has no jurisdiction in russia unless it is considered under international law., which applies to everyone. when we differ in politics or religion,we're still americans.
saharareporters how can a religion instruct you to kill another human?
saharareporters barbaric wicked fools, using religion to perpetrate their wickedness.
wow in a country that claims to be filled with intellects and professors?i say it and i repeat again nigeria is doomed,the length at which religion has eaten us deep is alarming,imagine being this bold to order death outrightly because of a prophet who don’t even recognize your embeddedurl
muslim religion founder hazrat muhmmad and their 1 lakh 80 thousand followers had never touch ed and eaten meat so on which basis are muslim religion brother and sister having meat. allahdidnotallowtoeatmeat रब_की_रूह_न_मार visit saint rampal ji maharaj youtube channel. embeddedurl
jesus wasn’t religious religion is like politics. they take things and make it theirs. so we cant talk about it. i’m not religious. i’m not political. you can discuss anything and anyone in my realm. they’ll never own me.
sac terrorists stormed a monastery in thegone village, hopin in mohnyin last night, brutally beaten monks & tied with rope, destroyed the properties with gunfires. they have no respect on any religion. legalize nug july5coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
a 2006 law passed by virbhadrasingh govt in himachalpradesh was exactly same as passed by yogiadityanath govt last yr under the freedom of religion ordinance: nupursharmabjp, national spokesperson bjp, tells navika kumar on thenewshour. | modibacksyogimodel embeddedurl
i noticed one thing, muslims could only defend their religion using the ‘morality card’ because the concept morality itself has no basis like islam. science will crush islam like a cockroach.
chescaleigh i have this weird idea that that's the reason shellfish are banned in jewish religion. someone came back to their village from a week away, found the town poisoned, saw bivalves and shrimp, and said nope! no more of that, thanks. rabbi techa said it was a bad idea, now we now.
myogiadityanath ensure elections in up are after 13th april when jupiter moves to pisces his own house. other wise it can be as deceptive as bengal results. jupiter is the planet governing religion and bjp
indguevara bharwadhamirg shaan20sep md786786saif singlephoton_27 arifaajakia i have said everything...i dont want anything to be banned.... 2nd....i dont agree with ur statement na....by banning anything... religion will be considered as above the country!! most literate state has neither banned alcohol nor beef... m fyn with it....
alextheguiri mrjkilcoyne it's not tye definition of xenophobia. wearing a veil is nothing to do with ethnic origin or religion , its a personal choice. they were banned for years in turkey for public employees, how can turkey be xenophobic against itself?
brother, please revert to sanatan dharma, the religion of your ancestors. this is the only way for you to lead un-stained and prosperous life. embeddedurl
rt sassye: practicing african traditional religion embeddedurl ehimeora
tears of worship⠀ ⠀ i humbly invites you⠀ to join us this sunday cci, dansoman opposite dela restaurant, 2pm prompt!⠀ ⠀ jesus god holyspirit faith faithful photography instapic music grace pray prayers praying amen believe religion urban spiritual embeddedurl
anvi_tweets divided by religion united by bigotry
rt ruhan_q: the day this country is free from "religion" everything will be better
embeddedurl fear & misery in kunduz - this is what fundamentalist sunni islam wroughts as much as one would like not to label a religion. it is in the name of that religion that the taliban stalks the streets & kills innocent people​ to bring back its islamic emirate.
shockblasterfn hypex from whatever religion u are from. ur probably atheist or something.
new indian and new politics - whoever do not tow their line of fake nationalism will be enemy . people of every religion will be beaten and lynched in this new india .
claytravis presssec jen psaki forgot about the first amendment of the us constitution. "congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech." the us government may not interfere with free speech
drkarlynb watching this crap go on gives me flash backs to the religious right authoritarianism of the 80s and 90s. i’m a conservative, i’m just not a conservative that demands religion(which seems to be brought up the most) to be tied to my political beliefs.
mangc0re mangism my new religion
rt seethakkamla: first religion now region assammizoramboarder embeddedurl
this sucks! really!!! i hate discrimination in all its forms! be it size, race, religion or sexual orientation! we are all humans for crying out loud! embeddedurl
i discussed our views on various issues like up elections, right to propagate religion and rise in communal attacks on muslims.. please watch and share.. embeddedurl
oh, i learned one thing as we gathered and "pray" with the other 5 religion in indonesia yesterday, that is... even so we may not agree on what the government is doing, we still need to pray for our country. at least less crap talking and more praying for indonesia.
rt anurasarts: i have a new religion: frog embeddedurl
dr_gloom1296 musinghistorian pastorlocke as i've said before, you may disagree, you may not like us but that doesn't change the facts: the constitution grants us the right to gather and practice our religion so long as we do so in peace. the government doesn't get the right to say otherwise.
robert_j_irwin markofthed belief in oneself, belief in other people, belief in morality and the rule of law, belief in science. plenty to navigate through the world, plenty of frames of reference, none of which require religion.
child sex trafficking is big business globally. it doesn't matter the race, religion or culture. think about that for a minute. it's big business to rape & molest children. some of y'all some sick mf's i swear...
rt sovietvisuals: "prison for heart and mind" soviet anti-religion poster, 1970s embeddedurl
dazzdzatron uk_republic the top three religions (christianity, islam & hinduism) with 5.45 billion people believe that smoking, alcohol, drug, porn, premarital sex & extramarital affair are sin without referring any religion...i can prove that most of the crimes & health issues are related to these sin.
elroy198567 the crusades, the inquisition, the salem witch trials were all about violently promoting christianity. but i hear many christians these days say christianity is a religion of peace. none of the abrahamic religions are about peace, though they claim to be.
the custom of having a sublime character like the prophet. alratv sufi master younusalgohar imam mehdi goharshahi custom prophetictradition prophet muhammad acceptance religion faith sufism tariqat spiritual muslim deen islam mosque character quran sunnah embeddedurl
the_oneeyedking yourfavsmuslim that's a sexuality not a religion ???
kushal_mehra hindus always vote by development. muslim vote by their religion.
gistloversblog1 my religion doesn’t allow me to pray for my oppressors
just like a renown feminist chimamanda reminds us about feminism and what it should ideally stand for is the same way wole soyinka (scholar) cautions the extent to which we can go for religion! just treat people as you wish to be treated, irrespective of their religion, gender!
late om puri ji was just spectacular in the film, he guides salman khan by saying love has no religion. .... . 6yrs of gem bajrangi bhaijaan
fispahani hope both sides remember uighar caps! china by policy is no religion non sense toleranting, have a good time with communists.
rt realdavid_: religion insults human reason and conscience
arsenalman1ac barneysbrocode ani ohh shut the f00k ...you are multiplying here like mosqueties with no problem , show me one nation where ms are majority and any other religon lives there peacefully santana dharma is most tollerent religion,where even non belivers have a place .. 1/2
is sharia law in india crossing the limits in a country where every religion is given equal importance.
churchgoers, if the priest conducting a sermon starts to talk about politics. by all means stand up, challenge him and leave. priests doesnt define religion and faith.
remember the truth is in every religion. not everything in each religion is truth. embeddedurl
syedtaqizaidi22 zaidi!do not equate basis of religion with optional rituals
tasleekpapi and who told you this a religion asln
zuddhawater drsimonegold it seems you may be missing her point about christians having strong convictions as well as the numbers to overcome these injustices of human rights. what group “beyond religion” has a sense of urgency for humanity & meets once a week in public settings? there isn’t one
if it's a hindu fstivl surely u idiots will find a way to bcme environment friendly nd forget ur traditions,but whn it comes abt a muslim festival u guys be like,there's no secularism,our religion is dominated, rights violated.there's no harm to env in hinduism bakralivesmatter
i live in a very "liberal" city....masks were a religion. i did not wear a mask. i was kicked out of stores, i was stared at, i was called selfish. i do not care about "fitting" in. i did what i believed was right because i am in charge of my life. you are in charge of yours.
they can make history stagnant. in reality the right to violate the rights of the people belongs to the people, though religion to control and oppress, and people as a means of liberation.
okay we talked so many esc 21 songs which had something related to religion but we forgot that go_a one of the national selection song was named tserkovka ( to church) .... what if that had been chosen
marcgoldie atrupar it seems like it’s official. we’ve finally entered the era where it’s science vs religion. science not faring well at the moment. science help us.
in a way, religion limits independent thinking because there’s an ultimate authority and an ultimate source of truth (religious text, ie bible) that shape how people think and live.
denaepfa chris_notcapn it’s the “my religion says i can’t bake a cake for a gay wedding” scenario with slightly different words
janabw81 as i recall, the first european settlers camer to the us to escape religious persecution, which is why freedom of religion is specified in the bill of rights. it doesn’t say freedom of religion for christians only. also we are known by some as a$$holes
faroukfromdeep nice submission, this boils down to the fundamental rights to practice your religion, i am for it. should we not now push for the wearing of religious attires by every person that wants to? i mean it will entrench even our religious rights acts more
the_limberlost andrewdoyle_com gbnews gender identity ideology needs to be called out as the new, government sponsored, misogynistic, homophobic religion that it is.
stand4unborn brifd dragonblaze kpheaney ah_science seculawyer souled_dark takethatdarwin cardinals_book dwyertd rjdownard cubesteve tbesserwisser nonprophet75 erichkays tsatheist pbderbysatheist bellpipe41 will you be fine with someone telling you those words if they were from another religion? that you will be punished not for being a bad person but just for not being a part of their religion and doing what they say and thinking how they think without questioning.
jummah fridaymotivation islam__religion_of__ethics embeddedurl
voice of the living god - 25.07.2021 jesussaves inspiration life lord motivation salvation biblejournaling religion wordofgod praise godislove holybible godsword bhfyp catholic christians quotes instagood biblia bibleverseoftheday jesusislord wisdom bible embeddedurl
found in the only species that practices religion. embeddedurl
bahá'ís believe that there is only one real religion, which is the religion of god. the different faiths we see in the world are different approaches to that religion. stophatepropaganda bahaiopaindia bahaibic bahai
vixsterm davidmweissman hobbylobby the thing about "the under g-d" line... it was added by congress in the 50's as a middle finger to communism. they also added it to our currency. communism does not permit religion. embeddedurl
roboyte any religion not based on love and acceptance is false
i'm a big proponent of freedom of religion so i will defend to the death the right of my insane neighbors to jog with masks on in 90 degree heat.
"the order of prayer prescribed by the church of england, is itself a body of divinity. in it, all the doctrines, all the leading principles, and all the precepts of our religion are summed up." -a manual for priests, 1815 embeddedurl
good reminder that 'freedom of religion' only ever applies to christianity embeddedurl
this is horrifying. mainly the religion part, someone can have a medical emergency in a hijab and the doctor can just refuse embeddedurl
philosophy of religion and ethics embeddedurl
the nigerian elite mostly uses religion as a tool to deceive the electorate. it is weaponized, just like ethnicity and poverty. they are props for mind control. christians and muslims, the elite are united in a common goal of oppression of the masses. citizens must wake up & act! embeddedurl
historymarche mo7atm dear vlad, i am as a muslim appreciate your efforts to explain all the battles not only that related to my religion. also, thank you abu seetah mo7atm to let us know about the historymarche channel on the youtube great work .. keep goin
jagaban79401041 afamdeluxo it’s an attack on gimgba. every religion has some gray areas and we accept them and chose to believe regardless. but that shouldn’t make one look down on another’s religious beliefs.
kangana ranaut asked, under the pretext of amir’s divorce, why change religion only to marry a muslim? embeddedurl
sunni jamal mosque in south okkalapa, ygn sold five eggs with only 100 kyats to help people in needs during this crisis. people are genuinely helping each other regardless of race or religion. ourgovernmentnug july30coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
i have no caste , no religion , no locality , i am an indian - pawankalyan !! advancehbdjanasenani embeddedurl
using d rush of blood and forcing them to take lives on the name of religion..now,when so called hindu saviour's confidence is on lower side of winning an election..dey are just saying dear bhakts u were tool then..u r tool now..beware bfr dng crime 4 these bosses mohanbhagwat
no other religion ? embeddedurl
arifalvi said that we [the people] should reaffirm our commitment to building a state that respects the diversity of its masses and provide equal opportunities to its citizens irrespective of their religion, caste, creed or colour. nopower_canundo_pakistan
princearihan the phrase 'god of science' is an oxymoron. science can only study an external world and hence can never find god. man can find god only by searching his internal world. no religion except hinduism knows how to do that. that's why some say hinduism isn't religion but a way.
rt gravantus: always fascinating to see soldiers marching with symbols of their nation's religion. embeddedurl
silaslapham plcphd john dewey. "religion and the religious" is good here, as is some of the latter parts of experience and nature and a common faith.
drrekha99 don't ever leave/marry out of your religion even you are betrayed by your husb after marriage u because husb may be bad but your religion is the best, leave him but not your religion.
theonlyahose unarguably the best telegram channel free thinker? love to discuss cutting-edge sides to life? religion and belief system? psychology? sex and sexuality? movie reviews?etc. so many real life topics and experiences to learn from. subscribe now :backhand_index_pointing_down_medium-dark_skin_tone: embeddedurl
governorswaraj he was providing us w/ historical background of mizoram, its culture, people, religion etc. not pronunciation of words of mizo language. also nowhere he avowed that he is a historian, kindly stop stretching this matter. “don’t burn the bridge you may have to cross them 1 day”.
pemcneil if the object is not to offend the religious then we should do neither. i say fuck that. i say that religion is a personal choice / belief. if you choose not to avail yourself of a medical solution to a problem fine. your belief should not deprive somebody else of that choice.
abaalman3 read about the years when christianity came to armenia and how it became the religion of the country. tiarendaraj and vardavar are examples of pegan holidays that were repurposed not by christ but later on
crazy things we do for money | watch = embeddedurl blacksherif secondsermon blacko oseikromtop10chart christianity verstappen pellistri lingard bible britishgp religion hillsong cain
was a pleasure to write the foreword to rfinstitute templeton_fdn policy report on blasphemy as former pm special envoy for freedom of religion or belief. “when we all work together for the common good, we can achieve so much in ensuring religious freedom for all” irfsummit embeddedurl
sunni jamal mosque in south okkalapa, ygn sold five eggs with only 100 kyats to help people in needs during this crisis. people are genuinely helping each other regardless of race or religion. ourgovernmentnug july30coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
fermulpz religion left the chat
deadlycomics griffinwlewis gonk religion is a thing
ffrf: this july fourth, celebrate secularism and boycott hobby lobby laurynffrf.org (lauryn seering) news releases – freedom from religion foundation – freedom from religion foundation embeddedurl
airisubaka those muscles are my fuckin religion! exellent!
don't you dare drag the army into religion. we are rws, we are proud hindu, let it be like that. but, no religion in the army. embeddedurl
desikalam genes86sudeep saffron_pearl missionkaali where did u see me selling myself to a different father? so following the religion that ur born in is intelligent and ligetimate and changing religion is illegitimate and dumb? there is no contemporary historical evidence for krishna.. period..
therickwilson repswalwell will durant (famous english orientalist): in his youth, ali (pbuh) is a perfect example of humility, piety, cheerfulness and sincerity in the way of religion. he was scenic and well-conditioned , and full of thought and loyal to his word. livelikeali
rt aboa_banku1: i just cant stop listening to medikal’s verse on jaara medikal is the new religion for a reason nopressurealbum
jary80504152 ranaayyub poulomimsaha maybe he must've prayed to almighty that he doesn't get death in india; boom!! his wish was answered. anyone else who said/wished that india is not a safe place to live? wait for that turn then?! whether a person is good/bad by deeds/work/faith/religion, death is for sure. rip!
asimkafankarim aaliya_speaks yes sir. implemented on all.. people should not hate other religion as well.
jtommins there's losing my religion - a nice rem ditty
thtkashmiriguy muslims love their religion, but when it comes to sharia law/islamic law, they opposes. sharia law means having a country, the way their god wants. if their god is so good then why they oppose sharia?
bnooks7 how much out of hand can it get? it’s pretty bad already. the degeneration is still really bad in certain places. religion has a string hold on our people that’s why it’s difficult to look within i see the resurgence, slow as it may be i hope it’s continuous.
lasersharkdfb christopherhahn ... your thoughts but it's it's own separate ability that sometimes conflicts your thoughts in your head. creating what humans call a sense of morality. that's what i think is the roots for religion anyhow. it all comes down to what is the mind, what is knowledge, what is life?
"we need to ensure that all services are delivering culturally appropriate care, taking race, religion and language into account, so that everyone in need is able to get the right help," says raj_psyc, presidential lead for race equality. embeddedurl
now playing on wfer embeddedurl losing my religion (feat. mkla) by steve aoki, gattüso, mkla, aukoustics listen now on wfer embeddedurl embeddedurl
dailypostngr seeing hateful comments directed at muslims for this headline isn't surprising. this government controlled will continue to separate the people with religion. do your self a favor and read the story before writing an uninformed comment.
rt aaminu69: so much disrespect to the two goats, r2bees be the new religion
sac terrorists stormed a monastery in thegone village, hopin in mohnyin last night, brutally beaten monks & tied with rope, destroyed the properties with gunfires. they have no respect on any religion. legalize nug july5coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
there are going to be a lot of bbq's this weekend. look around at ones you attend. do the people there look like you? are they of the same religion, education level, and/or class? if so, or if not, what habits and actions led to your homogenous or non-homogenous social circle? embeddedurl
check out this listing i just added to my poshmark closet: true religion jeans. embeddedurl shopmycloset poshmarkapp
19hassan49 this is “attack and dethrone god” for people who think they are too smart for religion.
so i was watching stuff on the muslim religion and arabic woman and how they cover up. i feel that is actually really smart hear me out. you don't fall for their body but their personality and stuff. this was rather interesting to me and i learned good stuff about the religion.
don’t limit yourself, even for religion. once it’s morally right and it doesn’t harm anyone go for it!!!
rachelmoor29 any church involved with absolutely yes. that’s the whole point of separation of church and state. to keep religion out of it.
redplanetblues1 goinggodward glenag haha. i'm italian and food is the religion of italians. once you understand that you have a key to the culture.
i extend my support to all the women who were targeted for their religion, their strength and their convictions. i request hon’ble minister shri rsprasad ji to take cognisance of this vile attack on indian women. at this juncture, i can only send a message of solidarity. embeddedurl
species that came before us and have survived a lot longer than us have such qualities in them, even with no codified religion to guide them. religious morality is an anthropocentric idea and fails to even consider ourselves as a point in a continuous chain.
i stand with most of what u say but think this policy of equating the two is not correct. our religion is shruti and age old, has negligible contradictions and is comprehensive where abrahamic religion and texts are half baked thoughts with lot of contradictions and inconguencie embeddedurl
pew data aside, i don’t think anyone in japan in the know would call shinto “the dominant faith of japan.” that is a very foreign frame. religion is fluid in japan. 80% say they aren’t religious & it is commonly said one can be “born shinto, marry christian, & die buddhist.” embeddedurl
i am watching the convocation of the american university of nigeria in adamawa state. you have to see how tribe or religion is not a thing among the rich. i ma hearing the names of graduates from all tribes in nigeria.
“but why can’t we make our own moral codes? do we really need religion to distinguish between right and wrong?"
_sabanaqvi his name is danish name and religion matter
rt dunyadehzad: ugh i love islam. it truly is such a beautiful religion, alhamdulilah for being muslim.
watching myunorthodoxlife and i feel so bad for aaron because his mom is doing exactly what she’s accusing the religion of doing. she is forcing her view on him. unfair and abusive even if not on purpose
rt rainbowfish1011: question for the people: if you could add one rule/guideline/commandment to a religion what would it be and why?
it's the fact that jesus was killed for not being "christian" enough. then you think christianity is a religion that has a plot. lmfao.
antihero_kate igorius17 the issue on the right isn't declining religiosity, it's a declining awareness of right wing thought or doctrine. religion can be a vehicle for codifying and teaching doctrine. it was, historically. now, it's a mixed bag. i'm saying revitalize a non-believer perspective.
the whole world is in turn oil .. we gradually losing humanity , the greed and selfishness of human is making hurt each other. we destroying each other. its so sad they using religion and holy names (claimed) to cause this heavy inhumanity.
when the left hoodwinks you into believing that you are a victim because of your race, creed, religion, sexual orientation, sexual identity, socioeconomic status, debt, education, they can also hoodwink you into believing that they alone can save you. theylie
actbrigitte joshmandelohio brigitte, stfu. "god/religion" or rather the lack thereof in our government, were specifically laid out by the framers of the constitution. time for you to move to a theocracy if you want religion in the government.
freenorth8 stevendgadbois jonkay i imagine the response would be very different had the incitement been directed toward the "religion of peace"...no?
jennaellisesq nope and people don’t have to hire you, let you eat in their restaurant or attend their theater production because this isn’t about religion it is trumpism or whatever you think you are doing- you get that trump, hannity, mcconnell, carlson, et al have gotten the vaccine right?
shubam_dm mahisharma_7 sdpachauri1 thesanatanikid seedofstatistic ritsdiary memepoint_jammu feria_divianshi kathuasehoon dubey_suhasini geetushrmaa saatvikgupta3 of course, i was talking about the population dynamics religion wise, that many people discuss, not specifically talking about u
awakened teacher with religion animals magic astrology numerology health... embeddedurl via youtube
sac terrorists stormed a monastery in thegone village, hopin in mohnyin last night, brutally beaten monks & tied with rope, destroyed the properties with gunfires. they have no respect on any religion. legalize nug july5coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
the book, the religion of god(deen e ilahi) is a gift to the seekers of god. alratv sufi master younusalgohar religionofgod deeneilahi imam mehdi lord goharshahi seekers beloved god rapture love interfaith believe truth religion imammehdicourse faceonmoon embeddedurl
i just listed: 'religion and politics in the united states', for 30.95 via amazon embeddedurl usa election biden
alpha_mind7 genrescue (j.b. handley) is rarely asked to do interviews and debates because he destroys the vaccine religion with truth bombs parents with vaccine injured children dive in deep and gain so much knowledge... all parents need to do their homework before it’s too late...
mehharshil uk.... it has monarchy, state religion and democracy....
(religion) griffin liveblogs a wiccan cookbook; it goes about how you expect (this book is from 2000. buckle up folks.)
ambfinlandepar marinsanna emmanuelmacron elysee .....u all died in 5000 yrs war deaths fatewrong in all 280 countries instead of getting democracy from god, they know everything already. so what george bush and sannamarin understand. history is changed. then. church fathers created fake religion.
forced into a life-and-death battle against an evil archbishop, william anarch, claire sanchez confronts the dark side of religion and the horror of one man's will to power. pdeblassieiii embeddedurl psychologicalthriller occulthorror magicalrealism embeddedurl
my favorite tracks are sweet life, lost, pyramids, bad religion, and sierra leone embeddedurl
every time i have a meal, i can’t help but think about those who don’t even have food on their table. how fortunate are we to not have to worry about our next meal extremely. let’s play our part in supporting causes to help others regardless of race & religion.
nowarchristian prufrockm emilinalala ennaelpb tundrauncle sggpas hcarolineking "have fun trying to force that in" ew. gross. way to make me feel better about christians lmfao. also: one church experience being good doesn't make the the religion good. as you're proving. over and over.
something that’s not talked about much re: britney’s abuse is how damaging her family’s religion has been to her. all three of her family members are deeply religious christians. her dad brought a crazy bible thumper (lou taylor) into britney’s life to control her. it’s wild
red9248 i know what it is, i’m saying it’s not the issue of religion as a whole, it’s just this particular interpretation of christianity. rather than generalizing
benavbar conselfowns jonnyc24401853 you’re basically going something like: a christian saying an atheist still believes in god or that the disbelief in god is actually a religion all of it’s own.
complex occupation, not a race, religion or sexual orientation. hmmm (anything other than vandalism is goofy) embeddedurl
how did your great grandparents get the faith they practiced? it was forced on them by way of fear from generations before them. don’t come at people for reconnecting with their ancestral roots, because the religion you practice, your ancestors were killed for not believing in it embeddedurl
black_metal_cow mikebohnmma neither talked shit about conor's family and/or religion. he was way out of line. they stayed composed, smashed him, then were very clear that he was a piece of crap for being the way he was. what else are they gonna say when they win? they win. he sucks. he's a prick.
vikashsharmaib petaindia sarojshrnm govindatripathi vishwakantnoida sharmankv jpsrivastavabjp speakutkarsh an_unknowngirl innocent animals should not be killed in the name of religion... embeddedurl
jpbrooks13 powerchowder69 goodolbeefboi jamie_elizabeth in the absence of knowledge religion is born to fill that void of ignorance and hopelessness. q-anon is no different and it targets those looking for this and a sense of community. the elite have used ideologies to manipulate since the beginning of human existence.
carolmswain catholicthing “a religion that doesn’t interfere with the secular order will soon discover that the secular order will not refrain from interfering with it.” — fulton j. sheen embeddedurl
ashwinnie_m seeing howsome people across the world are using religion to terrorise people and to take over power mentally disturbs me tbh!! moreover majority of people supporting them...
peterboghossian anything idea that doesn't allow itself to be rigorously questioned is a religion, a revealed truth, and not anything to be taken seriously in schools.
&gt; thus, instead of “imagine there’s no heaven,” “imagine a situation in the world today in which the leading religions were mithraism, jainism, aztec state religion and catharism.” ааааааааааааааа
outkick claytravis presssec jen psaki forgot about the first amendment of the us constitution. "congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech." the us government may not interfere with free speech
i’m just boutta start the religion of dracoism. “from big draco, the world emerged. and to big draco, we shall return.” embeddedurl
tribelaw this fanatic's views highlight the danger and corrosive nature of fundamentalist religion. atheists are more moral. (p.s. there's zero evidence for moses/exodus. there are no gods. the god of the bible is a monster.)
mchaggisjimmy arrdelhunty zackcahill jmorrisphotog tim_brannigan mariaflan you're messed up. how does religion dictate nationality? freedom of religion is important and tolerance of diverse cultures only enriches a people.
rt tigistaa: when religion goes awry: the war on tigray and the perversion of evangelical christianity embeddedurl
strandjunker just goes to show what a farce religion is really, doesnt it.?
cnnnews18 anchoranandn religion vs caste would have been better. but you can't anger your masters right? therightstand
vicious_prince pinkpuscy fucc that hoe!! i know maury would have exposed that bitch!! taking hella dicc and starting a lie that is a religion now
atheist god religion bible faith church atheism noreligion religionfree antireligion freedomfromreligion goodwithoutgod nogod godless heathen nonbeliever skeptic secular humanist freethinker think logic reason boldatheism sin embeddedurl embeddedurl
the partnership system’s configuration supports relations of mutual respect, accountability, & benefit. the domination system's configuration supports relations of top-down rankings: man vs man, man vs woman, race vs race, religion vs religion, nation vs nation, & man vs nature. embeddedurl
lilluneagain they are trying to convert you.. not a bloody chance.. i cannot see the point of a religion that views women for second class because the male idiots running it forget where they came from
a new rosary walk in edmeston on sunday, and religion news and columnists wanted. embeddedurl
the reason some people don't agree to living together before marriage is because they're dishonest. it's not sex, not religion, not even culture/tradition. even if your family values prohibit it, you can still do it if you're willing. the society won't live with you eventually.
photo by erikhowle | pixabay - via crowdfire adamandeve religion painting religion desnudez nudity dna veille embeddedurl
rt aki_cynthia: christianity is the only religion that gives you hope beyond the tomb. eternalblissinheaven
philosophy_muse remember “god” could mean many things to you, be it christian or jewish, spiritual or just having faith, the list goes on. faith in somethings will lead you on a path, ignoring it due to not wanting to believe in someone else’s religion may hinder your mental growth in life
many bhattis and other elite punjabi hindu tribes convert to islam, others flee north to the hills of jammu, or east into the rajasthan deserts. the great masses of non-elite pastoral punjabis, without formal religion, convert to islam, (or sikhi in east punjab).
_benoux_ how would you define the word religion loosely and narrowly? recently i learned that religio means "that what binds". the ‘new’ religion is something that does bind people. would you say the more narrow meaning requires transcendental presence?
drtsquare facts, it's a really convenient one but we've seen people be evil even without religion in the matter, they simply find other things - class, race, tribe, etc
elchandler5 yep, but it's okay because it's the best religion ever conceived. - most writers, including myself
burn them all down! religion is the bane of humanity...the sooner people get over the brainwashing, the sooner we can move on as a species. embeddedurl
the right is using religion as symbols for authoritarianism. you thought c_stroop was being hard on religion? he's still presenting a more generous view than you'll find in conservative ranks. embeddedurl
you can guess the police from the fact that sharukh, who was showing the gun to the police, did not get bail yet, but gopal, who showed the gun to the police, also got bail and every day that religion vise embeddedurl
thisiskinsea also, a couple of days ago i said people were free to date from any ethnicity as long as they genuinely loved each other and were compatible (especially religion). somali men came from as far as the uk to insult me in my comments!
when 90% of the media is slave of present govt and elections are being won successfully by dividing the nation on the basis of caste and religion..despite these,such snooping was done. imagine,what would they do once they will start feeling that the power is about to go pegasus
therealestflo people aren’t allowed to question religion j’ann?
where should my anchor be? not in the country where i stay, not the family where i was born, not the religion i believe in, not to the community but should be in the entire humanity + nature on earth where we can coexist peacefully with joy. embeddedurl
ineedthing ovox0rod my religion forbids it anyway
_sayema every death is a opportunity for you to spread your venom even more and divide the people leven further away from each other on the basis of religion great job :clapping_hands_medium-light_skin_tone::clapping_hands_medium-light_skin_tone::clapping_hands_medium-light_skin_tone:
mattcleckner mitchg3246 i’ve been blocking ads like it was a religion for years now
johnson has no passionate convictions it seems. his only desire is for his own success and advancement he holds no religious beliefs it seems except to use religion for his own ends. he bends with the wind of popularity .
lindyli it is much worse than that. conspiracy theories have flooded the religious space, resulting in thousands of self-named "prophets" and making the lies themselves part of their religion.
rt kaguraway: new religion ... embeddedurl
the latest pewreligion research on religion in india is going to embarrass fake intolerance gang, urbannaxals & flaw lobby. because 84% indians value religious tolerance, who say that to be “truly indian,” it is very important to respect all religions. 1/3
i am the one that allah perfected his religion with on the day of ghadeer khumm and khaybar. —amir al- momineen imam ali [as].
nationonlinemw fighting all your life for a religion or for politics until you die, god has never given such a mission to man, it is man himself who has given himself this useless task. at the judgment, god will not ask you how you led your country. embeddedurl
adekunlegold he is talking about islam (the ufc fighter) not that violent religion! wetin concern adekunlegold with that senseless jihadist religion.
amanautullah threatens a indian government on mosques. meanwhile, 1000s of mecca & medina mosques have been bulldozed by muslim govts. did you see him or his community threaten them? this is the story of people like him who keep blocking projects using religion only in india. embeddedurl embeddedurl
marvisirmed i think its simple crazy .there is no chance of yazidyat ruling again after the great massacre of the family of the prophet pbuh at karbala by yazeed bin muavya bin abu sufyan the pioneers of ummayad version of islam which has mutated to become religion of taliban and isis
elonmusk if spacex would land humans on mars by 2026, give a chance to a young teachers like me to create a new generation of people without race, religion and community waiting for 2026 to live in mars.
this is a very poor piece. confuses secularism with other ideologies. reams off modern problems which are far closer to conservative religions than secularism. not a single example of “wisdom” that can only be accessed through religion. embeddedurl
michaelgungor why not just adopt a new religion . weird behavior
shawn mendes on stage is my religion embeddedurl
canada isn't even a real country and the catholic church is evil regardless of your religion affiliation. you can be a christian and admit the atrocities committed by the catholic church durante siglos. have you read the grand inquisitor?
opticnerd87 julieanneesq prchovanec i admit my religion takes faith. you put your faith in others and call it trusting the science my friend.
ubedison thereflectorng wonderful religion
leaving a high control group or religion, takes courage. if you are leaving one, or have left, we are here for you. whether you need practical support or would just like to talk, contact us via phone, email or through our website. 0800 0806 347 contactescapeescapee.com embeddedurl
suerosenbloom dreamweaver61 thank god they weren’t muslim churches because if they were harris and the lying democrats would have sent the army. i don’t know if your aware america’ but your christian religion is under attack.
jemima goldsmith said that maryam nawaz has spoken against jews,which is condemnable,as religion shouldn’t be used in politics. but what does jemima say about imran khan’s hypocrisy who is doing nothing but politicising islam in pakistan while his children live in a jewish house? embeddedurl
eideghadeer eidalghadeer this day have those who reject faith given up all hope of your religion: yet fear them not but fear me. this day have i perfected your religion for you, completed my favour upon you, and have chosen for you islam as your religion. (quran 5:3)
boston college considers jab religious exemptions for every religion under the sun, except catholicism. boston college has invited pro-gay jesuit james martin to speak on his lgbt agenda more than once. watch church militant evening news tonight 6:30 et embeddedurl embeddedurl
theremysharpe i agree that it's a spiritual battle. i don't think all spiritual battles are religious ones, if religion means appeals to scripture. fundamental questions and answers are the realm of spiritual dispute. we can appeal to nature, not only to scripture, in search of answers.
money and business and trade and finance and strategic interest always wins and determines relationship and friendship between nation. even at the behest of religion. embeddedurl
check out this listing i just added to my poshmark closet: true religion buddha logo belt. embeddedurl shopmycloset poshmarkapp
mccormickprof get your religion out of our politics
davidtaylornyc ever hear of the charter? of the constitutionally guaranteed right to freedom of religion? just full of bad takes today, dave.
this sirsa keep religion above country and self above them all.. mr mssirsa why he has a tattoo of bhindarwala on his left hand ?? shameonyou embeddedurl embeddedurl
rt halcombel: yongkhor1 and they want to sell you a religion.
people who love insulting religion but then get super mad when you roast their national history ahahah
in mazdayasna, the kushti is tied three times around the waist, each representing one of the three cardinal principles of the religion - good thoughts, good words, good deeds.
patrick63117986 williamgpeter1 drfrankturek 3 titles: is belief in jesus enough for salvation? / does the bible teach 'once saved, always saved'? how can you find the true religion? by the way, on catholics massive numbers? embeddedurl even the catholics don't have jesus name in their research like jehovah?
pontifex_fr with so many rapes and murders, the reproductive priesthood and the catholic-centered abduction religion of god should come to an end. abduction religion catholicism is outdated. all you have to do is fold the pride of pope satan. pope satan apologize and compensate! embeddedurl
provoked2proclm paula_white actually he did they had religion and knew the law you are correct but they had no living relationship. no living water, no spirit. without spirit there is no life, no overflow no anointing. so clearly you can't discern what sort of woman paula is if you think she's a heretic
jus to clarify that hinduism isn’t a religion and the vedas , upnishands , puranas are not religious texts. if you think any man living can question and improvise them , you are only kidding yourself. though what you say could be true for the actual religions embeddedurl
"to musa, islam was an entry into the cultured world of the eastern mediterranean. he would have spent much time fostering the growth of the religion within his empire." • this is why islam is in west africa, agents adopted it, fostered it, and violenty spread it.
khhfess religion choo...
eritrea is one of the most repressive countries in the world. there are severe restrictions on freedom of expression, peaceful assembly, association & religion. un_hrc must renew mandate of the un special rapporteur: our hrc47 statement w/emdhrorg: embeddedurl embeddedurl
maccspider dustuntolove atheist_trooper heathensassy if there was a religion based on tooth fairies, we would be having the exact same debates.
i do not know you, it is not from my religion or my race, but i am sad for you, and i hope that a miracle will happen to you and you will get out of prisonjusticeforherrin
guru ji told his son that the only way in which their religion could be saved was that a holy man should come forward and sacrifice his life for the cause of hinduism.
floralovesyouu personally i don’t pick on any religion but if another christian tries forcing their religion onto me then im throwing hands
chriss707_ i think science is a religion and i believe in it.
someone make this into a religion so i can convert embeddedurl
happy to announce that we achieved a full victory for our pro bono client in this appeal. the tenth circuit denied qualified immunity on both of my client's first amendment free exercise of religion claims. the opinion is available here: embeddedurl embeddedurl embeddedurl
lulumcsideways eyedelixir shandyfed deitaone it is discrimination, so it is not allowed. if they for example mandate white people only that is not allowed. if your religion is to not have a vaccine then you don't have a choice and that would be an equal case --&gt; discrimination
sac terrorists stormed a monastery in thegone village, hopin in mohnyin last night, brutally beaten monks & tied with rope, destroyed the properties with gunfires. they have no respect on any religion. legalize nug july5coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
rt hol158: tomisen's new religion oeee please read it from right -&gt; left embeddedurl
congratulations to the people of ne syria for making status4northandeastsyria a huge success! time to give recognition to the aanes for building governance that includes all regardless of gender, ethnicity or religion. insightful article sfrantzman. embeddedurl
x in christ name destroy the record sales of kanye west jesus is king he is just another satanist selling fake religion not grounded in any form of righteousness
thearcaders hhayoungi is the majority of people in your country have no religion, unnie??
densmore6395 shelleyobarker gregabbott_tx angelapaxtontx votegiovanni what happened to separation of church and the government? what about those that don’t follow a religion?
goldenrayephoto its_warden when is bad religion??
see the difference when buddhism was dominant religion in afganistan it was cultural hub of world and when same people converted to islam it has become terror hub of world
usrealitycheck kennedy revealed right there “in front of god and county” that he does indeed want to control women according to his religion. thank you for saying out load what we already knew, johnkennedyla
gistreel when religion meets tradition
sunni jamal mosque in south okkalapa, ygn sold five eggs with only 100 kyats to help people in needs during this crisis. people are genuinely helping each other regardless of race or religion. ourgovernmentnug july30coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
"catholic medical association" who even knew that was a thing. who would want to go to a gp that belonged to this? that put their religion before the welfare of a patient. maybe now we know about these dangerous pricks should ask them to declare so we can avoid them embeddedurl
kamranramzan xadeejournalist suspension of hajj is completely illegitimacy of aal-e-saud you cannot make it argument where all non islamic activities are going in full swing in ksa so stop considering them ideal for religion. only point is one particular cult proved wrong as always.
my feminism is progressing to a place where im realising choice and agency is everything. what women want is different everywhere in the world because of culture, religion lifestyle etc.
markoramius15 im_muffins abscbnnews religion is not the problem. it's the people who wrongly worship such. grabe ka naman sa mga muslim. sa katoliko marami ring misogynistic elements dahil sa mga sumasamba, hindi dahil sa sinasamba.
al_mahawangsa who_doyou psamarasan zarrahsaurus anticytro kau dah kenapa beruk?i'm just prelying to a comment that argue about some mamak that are not fall under 'malay' category. and his argument is that they are muslim.the constitutional definition") "malay" means a person who professes the religion of islam, habitually speaks-malay
excerpt from annie mok's book "old religion: on creating comic books" on laying out pages/implementing words for the hardcore storytelling course starting this sunday! hurry! this course starts sunday, august 31, 2021 at 7pm est. embeddedurl comic comix workshop embeddedurl
stop force religion conversion of pakistan hindu girls. and please make a law against force religion conversion of pakistan hindu girls. passbillproteston1staugust embeddedurl
saglasguy roidesvoleurs graham__hancock what status quo exactly? since the dawn of religion, pure fiction has always had a place in humanity before non-fiction. the only thing i am noticing now compared to 10 years ago, is that no journalist care anymore. and those who do, are jailed. its a crime to report a crime xd
he met gandhi ji thrice at yeravada jail on the poonapact issue, though critical of his stand on issues of untouchability, religion-based reforms, and separate electorates. he served as a board member of the servants of the untouchables society established by gandhi.
gemsofbollywood you did not get the context right. when the dna is same, what's there in a name or a religion? embeddedurl
brattylilwitch i’m a southern baptist preachers daughter. organized religion just loses me after all i’ve seen. people around here still have their jesus 2020 signs (the trump signs have come down). i’ve noticed in the last week there are some jesus 2021 signs.
i can’t talk to any and everybody about music. i treat that like the topics of politics and religion. it’s too touchy for me
religion of hipocrite mohmahfudmd majelisulamaid muipusat kemenag_ri dpr_ri itjen_kemdikbud kemkominfo polhukamri kemendagri_ri jokowi nadiemmakarim kemdikbud_ri na_dirs divhumas_polri komnasham aagym ridwankamil bnptri??? embeddedurl
“our enemy says, ‘youth for pleasure, middle age for business, old age for religion.’ the bible says, ‘youth, middle age, and old age for your creator.’ ” – david murray
religion at the most conservative supreme court: three essential reads embeddedurl
antil_seema we will eat halal meat not haram. sacrifice of halal animals are compulsory in our religion on eid ul adha if any muslim can afford.
newtongrunnion miffythegamer the only c that you call grimes is a cunt. that is his religion and he has perfected his worship of being it
_halaby of course. there's no such thing as pure evil as per your theodicy. one of the major reasons why i left the religion. deeply respect it's utility though.
axreun usually i support you but this ain't it. fam this guy said god is dead and you immediately equated it to christianity. tobi from the sidemen got roasted by calfreezy using his religion. remember this "an eye for an eye and the world goes blind" -mahatma gandhi
1. people have short memories 2. religion is such an opium - if you are intoxicated, you cannot see beyond. embeddedurl
deborahcowell1 daveatherton20 rosemary_kerr14 kwilliam111 as you can see in that map yes, in muslim communities it's tied to religion while in christianity it's not.
thvegantombrown rebelwheelsnyc thelittleidiot elsacorreia76 elonmusk jeffbezos richardbranson i think lots of vegans use religion and reincarnation to explain away their past and tie it to vegan future number relevance, it has to be a out animals and the fastest way is not to fantasies about being a pig in the next life or getting into 3 hour discussion about how half of
sac terrorists stormed a monastery in thegone village, hopin in mohnyin last night, brutally beaten monks & tied with rope, destroyed the properties with gunfires. they have no respect on any religion. legalize nug july5coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
demiliopics you're right. dismissing the song outright on ideological reasons is just silly--there are much worse "pop songs." there is a vision of some things in the lyrics that does actually overlap with some catholic values (obviously, not the "imagine no religion" part lol)
ajay43 sir, i have views on this. issue is complex. can't be covered over a twitter conversation. sufficient to say only one thing - all religions are similar, there is actually no need to change religion. only need is to follow one, anyone. thanks.
..sigh got to love people.. it either spam comments in public "promote it on"/"share it with" or closed group instantly assumes it's something from "token" religion or time or place... like can we just let it have its own legs (ha its a snake) please..? sigh..
lotusforindia sumitra71982027 voice_for_india peta petaindia want u know about how to sacrifice a cow u just protect it because of ur believe. and why do u all just post shit even though u have never read or tuch an islamic book. and why do u all wake up during eid. all the abrahamic religion do it. and keep ur belief with ur self
scottcawson but god tells you what to do? it is the basis of faith and religion. anything else is sin. so god insists that i take the vaccine! who has anything to gain from not sharing that message?
_ashwind all govts issue & accept certificates on religion as of now there is no "way of life" response for religion
i can't keep calm, this is one of the dreams i have been aspiring to for years. thank you cheveningfcdo for being such an inclusive scholarship. i'm thrilled to start my ma in theology and religion at unibirmingham. chosenforchevening embeddedurl
jainsaaaaab nher_who you are a disgrace to hinduism .. hinduism does not teach us to belittle any other religion. you piece of shit.
reallyswara absolutely despicable and horrifying they did this to an innocent man. but many india recognize the inhumanity of taliban, but see nothing problematic in the now daily lynchings, rapes, murders by rss, bjp, bajrangdal/vhp/sangh goons + police in the name of religion/cow/caste.
you put nationalism with religion & you get trumpism, nazis, taliban etc. america should be smarter than this. trumpinsurrection jan6thinsurrection
2000, california, genetic association studies is the sole official religion after 1648.
bro. eli: this opportunity is rare in the history of religion -- that people's questions are given answers straight from the bible real-time, with god's help. this is the will of god, an opportunity given by him (isa. 43:9). whatthebiblesays learnfromthebible
erinschokovich die frage ist fies! es gibt nicht den einen. rise against - behind closed doors anti-flag - all of the poison all of the pain alkaline trio - warbrain bad religion - stranger than fiction the lawrence arms - last, last words
dr_ayeshanavid then talk against the atrocities happening inside ur religion
msanncooper alien culture and people that intend to subvert, overwhelm and subjugate this country, it’s population, christian religion and beliefs
rt persiaatheist: islam__religion_of_terrorist embeddedurl
rt harshasherni: nothing to do with peaceful religion...
nahi ma’am you got yourself all the hate just because you tried to play with our religion! no need to play the woman card! you may actually be thankful you are a woman. might as well be dead if you were a man rn! :upside-down_face: embeddedurl
three deeds are performed by the believers: following the wajibaat, abstaining from sins, and not neglecting the religion. imamjavad ع
rt kmo_dc: thestarkenya "religion is the opium for the masses" - karl marx
i used to love this story.... until i realized it was a metaphor for how religion/society expected to be.... give everything until you have nothing left... give until it kills you.... anyone else? or is it just me embeddedurl
if all cultures are not equal then all religions are not equal. if one culture can be superior to another culture, then one religion can be superior to another religion. religions are what give birth to culture. the religion that has more ideological advancement that has--
pertaining to business bae_lovelyn floshylopez keji_fab unclebeeola lolas__place goodnessadeosun remi_afr religion _ade_wunmi honeydrop_crown tohlarge embeddedurl
nation or religion? embeddedurl
and when the kid turns out to be queer or has a different relationship with religion, wah. that's a whole other masla. it puts their lives into jeopardy
yaseentheba great work ma6 the almighty reward each and everyone involved. islam is a religion of peace and humanity. come to islam come to peace
"no religion is capable of altering the fact that the behavior of men is a behavior apart from god. ... flesh is flesh... all flesh is grass: the grass withereth, the flower fadeth. but the word of our god endureth for ever" - barth
javeedbhat_ amaanbali irfanlonek then focefully changed her religion because love cross the boundaries. you community does accept untill girl change the religion. you guys r sick. if want interreligion marriage. accept the girl religion. we r against the conversion. we cannot allow the puri girls to maary muslim
imam mehdi doesn't change your religion, he changes your heart. imam mehdi goharshahi sufi master younusalgohar alratv religionofgod awakening heart religion sufism spiritualscience godislove universalsufiorder lowerself divinesigns tariqah messiahiscoming embeddedurl
religion of hipocrite mohmahfudmd majelisulamaid muipusat kemenag_ri dpr_ri itjen_kemdikbud kemkominfo polhukamri kemendagri_ri jokowi nadiemmakarim kemdikbud_ri na_dirs divhumas_polri komnasham aagym ridwankamil bnptri??? embeddedurl
sac terrorists stormed a monastery in thegone village, hopin in mohnyin last night, brutally beaten monks & tied with rope, destroyed the properties with gunfires. they have no respect on any religion. legalize nug july5coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
indguevara bharwadhamirg shaan20sep md786786saif singlephoton_27 arifaajakia first of all cow slaughter is banned by congerss in 1950s ar rahi baat beef ki ..beef ka matlb cow meat se hai na ki buffalo..! people in north east, kerala,goa are eating beef! ar waise bhi kisi cheez ko ban karne se religion country se bada kaise hojata? alcohol bhi ban hai?
kaanation zevonplant ndio maana all they do is at building christian outreach churches and distributing their bibles to kids in this part of the continent, they are a big part of this religion problem
its_shahbazz never1ies englandertx clifflange mounir_ alexotribos rfupdates atheism doesn't try to address questions regarding morality, nice try. the concept of atheism predates your rather young religion (founded by a person who is described as a warlord and paedophile.
americanfreedom mike_pence you are correct,thank you for the truth which all radical socialist communist do not believe.most of it we can blame blm which are a marxist ideology movement.that was started by two black women&one worked for the obama administration.they hate the flag,law enforcement,religion
playruntweet i got this too. religion and me don't mix .
nigeria: stop arbitrarily detaining nigerian humanist mubarakbala - a gross breach of the right to liberty & security -; respect freedom of expression, as well as freedom of thought, conscience & religion; ++. embeddedurl
$doge lost 76% of its value from ath and will probably lose more on the coming weeks. that’s insane. investing in crypto shouldn’t involve creating religion like cults imo. you can but you may find yourself in purgatory rather quickly if you make wrong moves. dogecoin embeddedurl
myanmar military reforms a 11 membered committee to draft law against “hate speech” for politics & social matters but not religion & racial matters. july14coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
tyger91659545 hirschlered kathrynresister pearly gates? good god, this kind of melodrama and dogma is the fucking reason i hate organized religion. someone says something you don't like, throw out what you perceive as the ultimate threat. good grief this was dumb.
thread: antisemitic + greedy netflix meeting. ceo reed hastings: ok, everything as expected, we expected the push back a natural first reaction. person: have you seen the plasma thing? yes, was actually funny. i've been told he's a good guy but part of this religion. &gt;
the same problem lies with politics. one similarity between politics and religion is that both of them become a part of our identity and that makes it very hard to have a fruitful discussion. (3/8)
pursuing postings / proms on cl & religion basis nepotism - an engineering branch officer, was forced to take premature retirement as a after being denied promotion to the next rank of captain (colonel) despite having an excellent career, due to nepotism indianarmyexposed
dilipbhartijb all story of religion on imagination,
why would anyone vote against equal pay, period. equal pay for people that’s it. should be automatically a thing. color, gender, religion who cares? you can do the job? get paid the same or more if you’re extra hardworking! demvoice1 embeddedurl
stopantisemites having omar as a leader is enough to consider leaving my home in mn. 100% of people i know--no matter their ethnic background or religion--voted for someone else, and now many are working hard to remove her. please take care, stay safe and god bless. beth
yin_solo nancy41603 kateiswell theguynamedjoe dncvoterfraud vampirology tj2020landslide usainthergv fantaziabrian ghost321 marvinrjeffcoat reviewresist trumpster1002 marilynlavala 777_shredder michel78118339 traveler002 kcinor unpurgeable18 thejfkreport sherrylynnww1 theerogerwilco itsaboutdamnti1 lyndahaller3 tw42590118 jackjolis dorismele lauraleebordas richard4short ltucker8044 semperadventum charlesramos63 lillisawyer17 michael52068295 oxmanmartin tolovana66 808flyyogi williamarnold45 cinarte1956 alan_cogbill matthewlipsey yearrooster michael89541443 frodrickw vickiethegoat voiceofforex isafeyet boodacat2020 fishngritz21 gitmo14 you know i go to church never once heard anything about the kkk and my organized religion
i’m a catholic educator in on. but even if i wasn’t, questioning the public funding of catholic boards (the only religion to receive that privilege in on) & arguing for its end is not anti-catholic prejudice. it’s being a responsible citizen. 1/3 embeddedurl
come out of the bro code and stand for the right cause, for our daughters for our culture for our religion for our nation. justicefornaseembibi embeddedurl
ten-point plan: separation of religion and state, and freedom of religions and faiths; istandwithmaryamrajavi embeddedurl
i m in favour of freedom of speech, but if u hurt some1s religious sentiments just to pacify your ego that isn't freedom of speech.that's hate speach, condemnable at every level.every religion is worthy of respect.u have to respect others if u want others to respect yours
what's all these stupid rants i'm seeing from muslim northerners all over the internet about sahara reporters, the last time your clerics compares buhari to jesus, were you all dead? you better free yourself from the religion slavery y'all suffering from you dumba**es embeddedurl
ihaventgotalisp there are over 3000 religions on earth, only christianity and islam battle for supremacy and correctness, each believes the other and other religions are wrong and their followers are going to their own definition and version of hell can you think? what do think about religion?
i keep saying it, this religion contaminates the brain. embeddedurl
she is a public figure though and using her position to promote a particular religion is fair game for comment. (as well as against that precious constitution she so dearly supports!). plus, her policy statements and believes are anything but christian. embeddedurl
this is not a store for fabrics! this is a misogynistic religion that treats women like cattle! shameonhumanity embeddedurl
dreamking125 kalam26409265 ranaayyub know your religion, and criticize it (because it deserves it), know your roots and accept it, you were the victims of |s|amic atrocities(current day hindus lived because either they faught or payed jaziya, but mus|ims of now were either victims of j or converted out of greed) 1/2
antitheistdude your religion of "humans are obligate carnivores" is causing far more damage on this earth than ever can be imagined. the biggest moral issue today is your disgusting misguided unscientific religion of stuffing your face with innocent animals' flesh you poisonous ape! embeddedurl
sunni jamal mosque in south okkalapa, ygn sold five eggs with only 100 kyats to help people in needs during this crisis. people are genuinely helping each other regardless of race or religion. ourgovernmentnug july30coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
kiz__rone you show me yours since you’re the one who cares for statements so much. where are the statements on mito’s religion?
r_salyers rachelleopold3 story_cosmos i won't. not again. i've been arguing religion for literally decades, and this isn't the first time i've had strobel thrown at me.
nothing angers me more than hearing religious people say "dont confuse culture with religion" bc no statement makes less sense than this
kneznekoffd rbrtbrgss80 a1policy ryannmcenany "agree"? it's a series of documents. 1st amendment "congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble..." congress.
grade a+ assured in any timed paper religion music philosophy chemistry; literature calculus1,2 biology python nursing psychology essayhelp resume: essaypay summerclasses womenwhocode codenewbie 100daysofcode us uk kuwait saudiarabia australia
when two nobelprize laureate fellow met. read an excerpt of their conversation. place: berlin otd year: 1930 science religion consciousness philosophy tag: sanjayjavin embeddedurl
lmao religion and great art confront evil come on embeddedurl
well, in my religion, the whole point is that you can't understand every little thing and there's a word for people who remind you you're not god and invite you to try harder.
become successful by selecting one with religion, with character, and conduct, coupled with deen.
my new religion embeddedurl
fs_yusuf_ poverty and religion.
isr*el should be punished for the crimes it had committed to religion culture and humanity!! but as i said, justice is sold to the rich and powerful people of our society so asking for justice is useless. 3/4
lrt yeah. let's not make fun of people's religion in general. i personally find it uncomfortable.
maccabeus24 bringlydingle fairyousee oh no! you're gonna narc? can i choose the person? because my bff already knows so that's easy. -the diff streams of judaism are not a hierarchy. -we are not a dogmatic religion and encourage disagreement (i knew you didn't understand the talmud). -we aren't a hive mind
rt kimberleyjayne4: the 'religion of peace' strikes yet again. sadiqkhan / mayoroflondon your comments please.
majidevdutta to show you accept a person of another religion, it is not necessary to get into bed with them. i had always wondered on the mentality of the politicians of the 60's & 70's promoting inter-caste and inter-religious marriages.
postsubman una too carry religion for head for nigeria .
dasht_i_tanhai each year 1000 sindhi hindu minority girls in pakistan kidnapped, forced to convert religion and marry attackers, temples vandalised but world is silent! please sign & share to raise issueembeddedurl genocide humanrights sindh pakistan hindu womensrights
dinkwithme that you don’t think it’s right because of your as a not trans is not really cool. it’s exactly that behavior that hurts people. “i’ve never been victimized or seen it happen so it can’t possibly be true” i’m sure your experience with religion is beautiful
constitution gives us benefits on the basis of our caste and religion. brahmins get nothing. embeddedurl
rt mayoveli: fascination with religion doubles as a symptom and cause of failure in nations.
hlkodo bjp_gayathri_r except communal . and religion. devide and rule what peee jay peee people knows??? hindu majority people surviving in india now. bcos 130 crore from 100 crore may be hindus talk about petroldieselprice gasprice all over job hunt.jobless. no solution ? gdp running minus number
10mollygibson pleasereadmeok actually i’m thinking no but not for want of her throwing lures...no meddling in religion & politics & he’d have taken that v seriously.
q cult can't see that the great reset and nesara are quite literally the same thing. a reset designed to set all of us back to zero and make us reliant on digital currencies akin to social credit in how well we play government lap dog. one world currency and religion, for nwo. embeddedurl
separation of money and state is inevitable. just like with religion, and rightly so. the writer's arguments are exactly what you'd expect from a conservative statist, and only made me more antistate than ever. meanwhile, bitcoin continues to be fu money. embeddedurl
jalabertkevin getahedge conspiracyb0t i agree that many have been brainwashed by the media and whatnot. similarly, when it comes to what islam really is, many have been lied to, but more and more people are waking up to this, hence, it's the fastest growing religion in the west & worldwide! embeddedurl
rt imspeaking13: joel osteen exploits religion and his followers to feed his own gluttony.
rachelmoor29 i’m not affiliated with any church or religion. i’ve worked on charitable projects with people who are. their selfless giving / good works are made possible by their tax exempt status. most of them aren’t the joel osteen type. some actually follow the creed.
benchmarkofgod time has come for mankind to embrace the religion of the blood and the cross of jesus for its the only one that remove him from this world that is filled with wickedness and sorrows and take him into the glorious kingdom of god.
mrodanz then you haven’t heard of cosmas maduka, religion even wreck great men.
spot on!!! ...... regardless of our skin color, race, religion, gender, age, culture background... embeddedurl
jozo_67 yeah i am a big fan of the values that lie within the religion and honestly i wouldn't be happy without the music and art
nettie417 sltrib while i agree with what you're saying, hate crimes are generally defined at the state level, and outside of utah they mostly say it has to be hate for a member of defined groups, and it doesn't often include occupation, but does include race, religion, sex, etc.
kundusudipto ms197015 justintrudeau castism & untouchabalism is even worst.religion sucks, nothing but hatred grounds.
sangachhwadham youtube each year 1000 sindhi hindu minority girls in pakistan kidnapped, forced to convert religion and marry attackers, temples vandalised but world is silent! please sign & share to raise issueembeddedurl genocide humanrights sindh pakistan hindu womensrights
cameron_kasky unless he’s writing opinion pieces, an employee’s political opinions should be like religion or any other personal choice and have no leave that system to communist governments bearing on his employment status, that is a level of freedom specified in our bill of rights
verse of the day! allahﷻ mohammadﷺ quran quranicverses quraniayat verses king ayat islam peacefulreligion religion faith sufficient lord grand hijri1442 true muslims salaam barakah majesty merciful mercy truemuslimsofficial year2021 eidadhamubarak embeddedurl
hello friend follow my new profile check out sukhraj singh nokwal on twitter. our race is living being, humanity is our religion. hindu muslim sikh christian, there is no separate religion. - saintrampaljim embeddedurl nokwalsukhraj
rt ikya515: jim's messy hair? my religion. embeddedurl
so now, the nigerian government wants to dictate to nigerians what religion they should practice. would this be the case if he was holding a bible or quran? this is unarguably the worst government in the history of nigeria!!! embeddedurl
grxpat maggieyeg redlollipop2009 friendsoscience weizhangatmos rythmol81 science can't ever be settled, as that turns it into religion: a full-on hardcore climate-religion, in this case.
kirseybelle kylamb8 christinapushaw our legislature should’ve cemented a law against these communist, tyrannical school boards and their mask religion months ago.
why they try to taint hindu dharma timesofindia does madrassa teaches vedas. is this fair journalism? have u sacked such reporters n the editor is also guilty for improper checking. as media has to be fair with every religion. embeddedurl
yes_we_cat whywouldyou_uk supportingidf kevankerby wassdocs miagata73 j_bubbie joniariel88 retiredjudean skepticalfa for_americans buckeye_ricky helenmarypike hebmacman hazem_rached veronicatalbot9 yuval16499776 thezionist3 trulyyou7 ftysugar tax_dodge_hodge wawadaneally iileahll hidayahnorwz lydd_palestine lollllllajr dadia11230398 lawrenc04048984 blurbwriter lavbaaldevarim heroz00 nachal_giyus86 cikmiiiii m4bj4v1d ellyngail mehrmiriam gomiriam63 olivesstones big_catsf mercurialnot artspeakcentral garybkatz sandym46232003 violet39410614 sariadeg johnwiseman17 mooke53950109 void_deathwatch richardm8422 twitter silly joke. everyone knows that iran and hezbollah shiites who are infidels who do not belong to islam have any connection. nor do they represent islam. they are also killing muslims themselves and destroying their country. shiites are a religion other than islam they're called
_littlehuman_ and gender and religion
do the father, son, and holy spirit fight the devil together at the same time, or is it like tag team rules in professional wrestling? religion faith sport wwe teamwork
swallowyerpride disagree with you believing in a superior being for me personally is not divisive, i only believe in god, i do not practice any religion i believe ferventient in the universal energies and laws that my life path has taught me.
6. "for everything, they confide in superstition and religion". the difference between the others and blacks is, "while others reflect, blacks do not think, they do not use their intellectual capacity and very few blacks are analytical".
tosintosins006 fred_gen2 how is science precise? science is based on induction, somewhat similar to faith in 'religion'. please explain how science is precise.
i am the good shepherd. i know my own and my own know me. john 10:14 esv jesus calls us to a relationship, not a religion.
when will muslims realize religion is a belief, not law
if your definition of "freedom of religion" doesn't sound like the definition of "freedom from religion", then what you really want is "freedom for *my* religion *only*".
hashurtag talibanisim on its peak. inter religion harmony is fading from pakistan each passing day,yesterday i saw a video of a moron asking a hindu boy to chant aha and to abuse his bagwans, i remember in 90,s we would serve sharbat and food yo shia who used to visit our areas 4 zyaratt
so the people trashing religion say dem dey believe in this anaa. bibinii ne gyimie...mmoa nkoa embeddedurl
in no way does religion represent morality. you are either moral or you aren’t.
sorry you have to deal with this mom, this is why religion imo is the worst fucking thing around. embeddedurl
flattering dispraised partners nigh chiefly gainsayers therefore plenteous ingrated restlessly whereat perisheth religion sound payments julian lingered impress reigns shake apostolic friend amid try cataloguers suitably title dearer raise door growing unravelled
seattle_rt mishachellam so divisive. like a religion with this one.
alvskald or religion... no one talks about that.
facebook is now aggressively courting a new partner: churches. embeddedurl yahoo religion facebook churchvibes socialmediamarketing
rt sangamtalks: christianity is a religion of peace! islam is a religion of peace! embeddedurl
aviwoolf he still believed in freedom of religion.
sara_hrathore as custodian of the religion
i always sleep in art class or religion embeddedurl
good end to this piece that... when the world hears "religious exemption", it is thinking about an irrational phobia from some obscure part of your holy text. because that's what religion is, right? stupid but fine, have your dumb religious exemption. embeddedurl
i could care less about what religion you belong to, fuck your religion, stop going around to people’s houses, they dont need you
zimmlaw175 religion means nothing to them. the secular jewish community does not care about israel.
we always talk about how three-dimensional the characters are in the story but don't dig enough to explore their motives and what their beliefs are, which juxtaposes the whole worldbuilding where religion and faith are downplayed or antagonized as threats to society (see aus)
hsdirectioner5 arthurm99824731 entinsider tell me what animal other then humans act like assholes to one another because they love the same gender or tell me what other animals have a religion
kadariaahmed and i wounder as an educated person are defending the atrocities in arewa or the crimes committed in the name of religion . what happened to call for justice and equity , religious neutrality
if i see any qabyalaad/ tribalism on my tl your getting blocked same goes for racism our beautiful religion does not permit any of those so please refrain from being ignorant thanks.
antifornicator wikanghimagsik one can be both thankful for a religion and also acknowledge colonialization as an evil. as a filipino catholic im glad to have a church that bonds a community in solidarity. but this same church wouldnt be this figure in my life if it was still the pawn of my oppressor.
james 1:26 if any man among you seem to be religious, and bridleth not his tongue, but deceiveth his own heart, this man's religion is vain.
anti-theism is a form of western chauvinism that doesn’t factor in how enshrined religion is in non-white-western cultures and that not every religion is white evangelicalism.
theonlyalabi proof that religion and culture are intertwined
book review assignment chemistry physics history econometrics math chem biology essay due paper write english paper pay case study essaypay homework online class religion marketing discussion english dm academicgiants1 whatsapp +1 (504) 201- 0790
ciceline rilvarn he mocked our religion very good and hurt people's feelings. he have no right to mock our religion and those who killed him have no right to kill him either. embeddedurl
f_vaggi noampomsky for most, the study of philosophy and religion is not for finding guidance for living more morally or ethically; instead it's for finding justification to prove they already live the most moral and ethical lives possible.
“religion that god our father accepts as pure and faultless is this: to look after orphans and widows in their distress and to keep oneself from being polluted by the world.” -james 1:27 [‘purity culture’ ... ha]
phoenixmassacre the muslim community in durban has already begun distributing milk,bread and other essentials to those who need it regardless of race,religion or anything else. i'm sure many other indian organizations doing the same
conversion therapy for minors is still legal in every state due to religious exemptions. everyday we fail our nation’s lgbtq+ youth by subjecting them to a pseudoscience based on fear and abuse, under the disguise of religion. happypridemonth banconversiontherapy
it's either you are an ignorant muslim who has no intention to properly learn the religion, or a non-muslim who is doing this just to mess up with the muslim community. either or, you are a disgrace to society. stop it. embeddedurl
billfx5 pastorjohnhagee in fact.......nor do a majority of people around the globe care what some christian thinks. you do realise that globally, christianity is a minority religion.....
what’s the end game for sheep ? will i get my own religion if i strike a chord ?
it's high time you fight for humanity in this country!!!!! religion, politics, caste, colour, creed etc. can all take a back step !!!! indian forhumanity embeddedurl
stopeatingmeat meat consumption is not an act of humans and nowhere is it written that this practice is to be followed by the people of this religion. saint rampal ji visit satlok ashram youtube channel. embeddedurl
5suspended6th vijayashreenair av_d_hypocrite for you is your religion, and for me is my religion. the disbelievers verse. if his himself asked us to respect them and mind our business, who are we to disobey?
yoe_1202 he literally made fun of our culture, religion and so did his gf and instead of speaking up abt the situation he chose to block his fans so please tell me another dumb excuse for his action cuz i rlly need something to crack me up
sac terrorists stormed a monastery in thegone village, hopin in mohnyin last night, brutally beaten monks & tied with rope, destroyed the properties with gunfires. they have no respect on any religion. legalize nug july5coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
"hate speech violates religion and ethics" a strong appeal on behalf of the institute of harmony and peace studies mdthomas53 stophatepropaganda embeddedurl embeddedurl
marinasilver6 human beings were not designed to be monogamous. we have imposed it through the manufactured concept of marriage - and brought in religion and law to impose it.
i support west ham united, but i don’t watch the premier league! football is for everyone: no matter if your born from another country, colour, race, ethnicity, religion, age, class, gender identity, sexual orientation & disability!
alumbaeofficial unarguably the best telegram channel free thinker? love to discuss cutting-edge sides to life? religion and belief system? psychology? sex and sexuality? movie reviews?etc. so many real life topics and experiences to learn from. subscribe now :backhand_index_pointing_down_medium-dark_skin_tone: embeddedurl
deangeliscorey ewerickson all science is provisional and updated as new information comes to light. if you are looking for something that never changes despite new evidence, find yourself a religion,
quickiepaedia religion aside, i don’t think we can ever reach any utopia. it is just not possible so long as humans human.
vgr what would expanding the dynamic range of ontology look like in the examples of gender / religion you noted above?
cheerleader brooke is my religion embeddedurl
nbcnews oneunderscore__ democrat deep state creates the monster (q anon) then uses its information minions (nbc) to smear anything or anyone that challenges it’s authority as being the monster it created. secular progressivism is a religion whose members can no longer discern reality from delusions.
god_in_islam the holy scriptures of the muslim religion prove that the creator of all creation, the destroyer of all sins, the almighty, indestructible spirit, is in shape in a human-like body and lives in the true world. his name is allah kabir. embeddedurl
like i believe in god and that there is a god but i don’t consider myself a christian because 1) they’re embarrassing and focuse more on making everyone believe in their religion instead of just practicing their beliefs 2) there is a lot of contradiction in the bible 3) a lot +
in case you were wondering about stablecoin project djed that iohk_charles presented yesterday: "the djed is one of the more ancient and commonly found symbols in ancient egyptian religion. it is a pillar-like symbol in egyptian hieroglyphs representing stability" cardano embeddedurl
mwirigiofficial mihrthakar if christians said anything negative about our religion is punishable by beheading people would be nicer.
abee janwar...may kaha religion pe gaya?? ajeeb gawar hai embeddedurl
dostkhan_jammu swarupm14965007 bjp4india thewire_in khanumarfa _sayema minicnair pls do something to uplift this communi. pls speak for enforcing family planning on muslims. say no to madarsa education. ban triple talaq. constitution over religion and not otherway round. no more islamic appeasement in secularism.
olattaa dcorg are you mad? dco is about digital economy not about religion why you people going out of contest ?
apolojedi_ thatatheistblog quote from that site: "as another example, we can trust that our senses are basically reliable because god has created them (proverbs 20:12)." do those fools think that only the xian religion has a god that's supposed to have made senses?!
come join the sentinels of light we have: &gt;where is wife? &gt;ghost lady &gt;ghost lady with scissors &gt;smelly man &gt;bucket warrior &gt;buckets suck and you suck &gt;religion &gt;yo can i sell this woman's soul for $20? &gt;talking cat &gt;ghost man &gt;s e x leagueoflegends
since my grandmother's funeral last weekend, i've been thinking a lot about the decline in organised religion. people don't seem to realise how much these amazing people do for their communities and how a lot of our culture () was created by church-going working class people. embeddedurl
sorry, there are no prizes for guessing which religion the jailer belonged to! that would be an easy guess, won't it be?
this is a little late but gina linetti is my new religion uhhhhh. stan her for greatness emz embeddedurl
lady, your religion has done such inhuman atrocities on marginalised, that your own god's would feel ashamed. that's how sick you people are. embeddedurl
how religion can reduce stress embeddedurl
guchico77 my religion:
hinduafghan religion went through evolution as well as human beings. whenever the existing religion went corrupt, god corrected it by sending out a new book and a teacher. hinduism got degraded to a stage where they divided the people in classes, women were burnt alive & idol worship started
alizehshah and co. how can you justify something which your religion doesn't allow you to do? these aurat march pseudo liberals have been exposed. imran khan has been proven right!
raslanalhawi lukeada79328776 nsfoperative freedomofpress is this the central reason for the existence of religion? the guilty get punished. maybe in an unjust world religion will always emerge, but wouldn't be necessary in a just one?
here's the gop 2020 platform that fits in a nutshell: 1. make the 0.1% richer, screw the rest of the people 2. use religion, racism and abortion to divide the country and to achieve (1) 3. when in doubt, (1) takes precedence
i told my granny i ain believe in religion & she bout had a heart attack
i try not to generalize "fulani, northerners, muslims" because i know some people are under the guise of these groups. hushpuppi is yoruba and i didn't praise his lifestyle until he was caught you can also stand with or against someone without bringing religion or tribe into it
science and technology is the new religion of the 21st century. embeddedurl
i've been waiting to read this romance all year and it did not disappoint:smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: i loved the blend of romance and religion, we need more of that! rosiedanan bookrecommendations booktwitter bookreview books judaism embeddedurl
rt zarei_mahdi: to know ali and his religion with tabbing on livelikeali
unggabunga greenbuddhist_ muhammadsmiry the quran mentions that muhammad lived among the jews, which obviously implies that jews were there before the newly found islam, 600 years after christ. islam is the new religion in that region of the world claiming land. this is about religion not about skin color
its always them malay muslim bitches be talking too much about religion embeddedurl
joshmandelohio another dumbo trumpo elected official who’s never read the constitution. "congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof;"
bsameer1298 contrapolitical indiansniper11 adabehindustan police_haryana gurgaonpolice dgpharyana dear yes all human are equal. there are good and bad ones in deeds. and regarding religion it is too serious issue, lot of thinking knowledge of everything requires and fair analysis. actually we human didn't know the purpose of ourselves
my mom likes gay people but is so into religion that it goes too far
crt and wokeness are a religion. embeddedurl
varindersingh24 “if you do good, are good, the guy in the sky will protect you.”the basic, you can protect yourself with religion bullshit.
fxxfy commonwealmag most important line i just read: "the total absence of the actual ethos of christ from its aims". imagine an entire religion if it were to live by true example of the one central figure the entire religion is created upon.
wokelahoma3 tremendous_word cornetperson johncleese we americans have a law that grants huge leeway to people who credibly bring religion into their motivation for their actions. i'd be foolish to say this law is why trans activists are so earnest, but this law sure doesn't help.
jhonnylleo m7mdkurd no cares about the taliban ,i'm not even talking about religion. according to international law, armed struggle against your occupier is a right. therfore this man only fulfilled his right does not make him a terrorist and should not be punished.
rt g_vestautong: ??? morality not only predates religion, it predates our species. you read harari and this is what you understood?
dear god...you are the true manifestation of racism. it just defined perfectly. when she was talking about religion , you proudly spoke of races and what more exciting they are " families'. embeddedurl
scary stuff if you stop and think about what this transhumanism religion is leading to. embeddedurl
sneha_bk the only reason why certain people are offended by pictures of burning pyres is that those pictures expose the gross incompetence of the political party they support. it has absolutely nothing to do with religion. don't fall for the bullshit.
i am seeing so many tweets about love jihaad just because aamir & kiran decided to separate. did you see muslims whining when hrithik & suzanne khan separated? change your cheap thinking. it is not about religion. it is simply about two persons who do not want to stay together
philosophy vs religion • • philosophy love ashtanga psychology poetry bhakti thoughts quote art life quotes wisdom hindu meditation mindfulness krishna writing instagood wordsofwisdom writersofinstagram instawriters embeddedurl embeddedurl
daxgigandet a lot of people are saying religion too. very interesting answer. a fair one too. im not sure i totally agree, but who knows
rt armanwalker: is your religion more concerned with who people sleep with than whether people have a place to sleep?
american supremacy is the failure to the american nation as stated by the world economic forum. religion is defeated by the immorality of the american greed and lack of officiant leaders.
their misogynistic religion won’t allow them to speak up. 'more muslim women need to speak up against sexual harassment' embeddedurl
warrior__women thelostapache first nations have the same issues as quantum mechanics and einstein's standard model. i have never seen the word reconcile used anywhere else, but with the unification of everything that science and religion are trying to do... afterreconciliation idlenomore relativity
never ever shy of your religion. always wear it on your sleeves. embeddedurl
_samutd_ alhxmdulillah brfootball every religion is made up not just his
aninegroe wintrucaelum xaiareyth no thats not how religion works you either are part of the religion or you are not
another clip from my interview on gbnews just like the issue w bill21 in quebec, canada, this is not a ban on hijabs. it’s a ruling to support secularism- to support separation of religion and state. click here to watch the whole segment: embeddedurl embeddedurl
shookdoctrine braddockbessie auld_one do you think legislation should be based on religion? i believe in the seperation of church and state.
nscpbrat ronfilipkowski not actually a religion. it’s made up stuff.
"xijinping can’t handle anything that casts a shadow on the only official religion, which is communism, or on the reign of the ccp. the goal is to turn everyone into foot soldiers for the new china." patwack talks kodak censorship w/ snoozyweiss. embeddedurl
theocracy isn’t cool and i don’t believe our government should be ruled by people of one religion (or one party for that matter).
samatarhussein 5pillarsuk this guy does not represent us muslims. he holds deviant views and is a mouthpiece for whoever pays him. muslims are not against england - but this guy just wants to throw us under the bus and water down our religion rather than being honest with british/white people.
syyeda14 both india and pakistan attrocities against innocent minorities in the name of religion. justicefornoor tokyo2020 embeddedurl
ok, but nobody can prove shrek wasn't there, in the bible. watching over our lord jesus christ himself. maybe, he was just so sacred to the religion being the only one who is not allowed to be spoke of because he is too powerful to be forsaken.
adammilstein now are their bad actors on both sides? of course there are are. the truth often lives in the gray. what is going on right now is no different than the holy wars. the spanish inquisition. the salem witch trials. religion likes to deny science and tends to desire only power.
schaheid just ask them did they settled the “first religion of the world conflict with israelites?”
moneytraderblog twain: "man is a religious animal. he is the only religious animal. he is the only animal that has the true religion -- several of them. he is the only animal that loves his neighbor as himself and cuts his throat if his theology isn't straight."
in utah its all mormon literature my local b&n replaced their entire philosophy section, not just religion, with bibles and the book of mormon. wtf what if i wanted to read about aristotle or the quran like ???? embeddedurl
forumatheist religion is what happens when a species evolves enough intelligence to ask profound questions, but not enough to answer them.
rt hypesir7: not religion. it’s about relationship.
"a big challenge for democrats is that the broad demographic changes favoring them—growing racial diversity, rising education levels, increasing numbers of secular adults not affiliated with organized religion—are unevenly distributed throughout the country." embeddedurl
oh but i shouldnt force my religion on everyone
thanorman i get it dude you think olympians should get high. dragging an entire religion makes you a fucking douchebag though
tanveer123_ rajudas7777 we have history of jaichand ... pandey jee may be one of those jaichand .... coz we believe in free society...anyone can go against us , our religion our text ... we don't have order from any ashmaami kitab to slaughter them..
ragenkajen dubyadirt buttrucker2 religion is a social construct and is not the default setting. to assume most people are religious, especially christian, is naive.
melman65 orangepeel18 religion in organized form is dangerous, especially when intertwined with politics.
hhwyfe globalnews the law it's breaking is: every individual is equal before and under the law ... without discrimination based on race, national or ethnic origin, colour, religion, sex, age or mental or physical disability.
give your internal warrior the best weapons to win battles with this religion howto book embeddedurl embeddedurl
in the end conspiracies, unlike religion there are not many examples of the army siding with the people.
embeddedurl why did we collectively become obsessed with brett sutton? this - and other bigger questions answered about our collective psychological functioning during the pandemic abcreligion psychtwitter covid19
tribelaw really?"congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press, or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances.
paulinsc1 noholyscripture actually, the founders themselves were skeptics concerning religion but thought the unenlightened, the common people, needed religion for “societal morality. and they were wrong.” still, they understood the importance of keeping religion out of and separate from government.
igwelevy _fels1 they have the power to unblock themselves...gb religion this one.
jerpostscringe socdoneleft i mean, their consent was pretty much forced upon them when they were raised with religion as truth, it's not like they asked the child if they wanted that raising (some religious parents do, probably most don't)
liamgpov dkittage guardianaus well i know it’s a little bit different to picking up a sword and butchering people into the “faith” but love, mercy and justice through expiation and communion are not what islam the moon god tribal religion is all about. that is not to say those seeking god can’t still do so
since the people are imperfect and they are the ones that practice the religion, doesn’t that make the religion imperfect embeddedurl
vstefanusson jcamachott blessedtheif testing521 i may have misread your original point. i thought you were talking about regimes. religion used badly has had terrible effects..9/11 is just 1 example. faith put into positive action has also been responsible for amazingly positive things (as have nr charities etc)
country_ca patriottakes if your religion says same sex marriage is wrong, don't marry someone of your sex. if your religion says eating pork or drinking coffee or alcohol is wrong, then don't. if your religion says to wear modest clothing, do it... but don't make these things laws for others, full stop
zippy57268288 greenesllama mtgreenee every private business has the right to refuse service to anyone as long as it is not based on religion, race or sex. it is not segregation it is protecting the worker's and customers. don't like the rules, don't go to the place!
instead of asking why reservation ?? why don't we ask why caste/religion ??
berlymad massacremitch kirstiealley no one suspended your religion.. who told you to stop being christian? if you need a church to find god then you’ve already missed him..
rt biczaddy: that ain’t yo religion you jus follow ya mama & she followed yo granny who obeyed that slave master - tyler
twt2kishor religion is for idiots it doesn't matter what name it uses.
umpire_s_call _sayema what he is doing is called targeted harassment based on her religion, based his bigoted view of animal harm. what the dairy industry does to cows is worse than killing. you are an unconscious supporter of his!
maternity_week wonder what would have happened if the roman's didn't decide to make christianity the state religion? what would the world look like today?
believing in q conspiracies and bs is not the same as faith in their religion. embeddedurl
shawarmaon techluffy anjani9070 makrandparanspe but they are not prophets, btw how you can follow that religion whose beloved prophet married 6yro child in the name of allah
modernshy barclaysuk outside of this insane cult of "social justice" it means nothing. it's absolute nonsense. what a staggering situation to find oneself in when a bank is advertising its allegiance to some bizarre civic religion. real clown world shit.
phidze72 tlsibanda it's problematic i saw abadala behlupheka ngokuhandler into lezi ngesichurch kuyabaphica too much, but it's too late their religion is gone!
aadhiraspeaks amitmalviya vikramsampath after dividing the nation on religion maybe thier continue assignment was to weaken hinduism by targeting brahmins. that was the time brahmins were selectively political wise targeted by evr on grounds of temple & priest in tn. unfinished agenda of colonial on breaking india
jamesbooth100 gbnews he delivered a sermon in the context of a liturgy inside a place of worship [the school chapel] - it was not sex education nor even remotely part of the rse provision or curriculum - religion and freedom of belief is also a protected characteristic.
tnpoliceoffl asuvathaman annamalai_k indumakalktchi this is clear case of abusing other religion. this gunda in the name of pastor have to be jailed embeddedurl
forcing people to believe someone is the gender they say they are "is not a human right at all. it is akin to a new state religion, complete with blasphemy laws." hjoycegender embeddedurl
bachfranz111 not sure. are you suggesting, his family might have brahminised over time? his nephew supposedly made sure that dalits weren’t welcome in the new religion. also, shouldn’t names follow the format: caste name + given name? madara chennayya, jedara dasimayya, ambigara choudayya?
kisslatr_ ufff, most of the time bs&t i guess, due to the references to biblical topics and religion, and the angst , but other times it’s like stay gold or sm similar, maybe spring day
3. i'll be 58 on the 19th and i was born in to this high control group calling themselves the one true religion when in fact they are nothing more than a destructive cult. please do not study with the jehovah's witnesses. exjw
spectrum61726 bin3aim magnifiedpix no, maybe you didn’t know, but you realise that no matter the religion, even polytheist religions, they’ve always had a conception of this all powerful god, the number one god. that creator is allah. the side idols are mere creations of man.
michael doesn’t masturbate because it’s against his religion? but he had premarital sex? 90dayfiancehappilyeverafter
even a rpist, thief, drunkard and pr0stitute can be hindu but they don't need to use religion for justification. embeddedurl
dugaduga_ding major contributor why does the timeline not change with people suddenly having powers, why is japan always the center of events. the social or political/ and religion aspect is always lackluster. what's the purpose of the military of countries? why are they always in school?
rightwingwatch when the politics overtake the religion, it's time to start the taxing.
timesnow who asked the girls to marry such fellows? at the end of the day girls check how much bank balance is left that's the moral of story... even hrithik roshan same thing from a different religion married actress of different society.. moral of this relationships bank balance &wealth
honilatte_ mobilepunch madam, tradition and religion are sometimes mutually inclusive. a muslim for instance can wear a traditional dress, eat some traditional food, etc. many sitting obas in yoruba land are muslims as of today: oba of lagos, alaafin of oyo, olubadan, etc
sunni jamal mosque in south okkalapa, ygn sold five eggs with only 100 kyats to help people in needs during this crisis. people are genuinely helping each other regardless of race or religion. ourgovernmentnug july30coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
rothsteb coribush yup there's ppl of all different races, walks of life, religion, orientation saying bullshit like this. not just "white ppl" there all assholes.
poetry abides at the origin of civilization and in the heart and aspiration of religion. through music, language, and imagination, poetry unfolds the world and all of life.
religion // “an inhuman spirit is a thing that never walked the earth in a human form; something demonic” so if it possesses me, walks in my ykan form, then leaves somehow,,,, it’s no longer demonic? /j
kassern1 ybarrap religion plus stupidity equals republicans
davidmweissman i despise organized religion too. it’s done way more harm to society than good. but i may be a little biased as i’m an atheist
sac terrorists stormed a monastery in thegone village, hopin in mohnyin last night, brutally beaten monks & tied with rope, destroyed the properties with gunfires. they have no respect on any religion. legalize nug july5coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
cpaforjustice separation of church and state is actually in the constitution, it states “congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." how does that apply here?
seunosewa budla101 islam only claim to be a religion of peace in recent time when the world started blaming it for its actions. it was not like that from beginning. and u will need to read those peaceful verses well to understand how it quickly twist to promote violence
alpayon bangtanmuslim and are you denying us our religion?
maybe we need a little religion. or a lot embeddedurl
sos_kibe_ _fels1 religion not jesus
"any religion circles like a planet around a sun which it must use for its energy, upon which it depends for its very existence. that sun which controls all of the movement but cannot be touched⁠—that sun is death." f herbert
tkturbo3 nines_graphics how can i sign up for this religion?
that's why i don't like talking about religion on the gam tl cuz a lot of u ain't ready for the truth. that stops now. my father is a muslim. but i was raised by my christian mother. gambian muslims will look u dead in the eye, disregard everything u shared about ur upbringing...
which religion is die-hard christian again embeddedurl
another white supremacist murder, every hour, every day. so weary of the blustering angry uninformed white men with their big trucks, big guns, big talk, big religion, big hate, big flags, harming and ruining everything they touch. i wish they would all go embeddedurl
stopeatingmeat even in the bible which is one of the most important book for abrahamic's religion clearly says that god prohibits eating flesh of other animals by saying that god has given small leafy plants as food. embeddedurl
spiritualism seems/appears 2b the only religion that proves afterlife existence via mediums’ communications with it. spiritualism
myogiadityanath and what about japan which has top architecture work and zero unemployment, once it was destroyed completely even then it rised and became developed nation, but where india is and where it is heading towards, religion and corruption are main hurdle in development,
they're always at the receiving end given the cultural values we have with exception of a few families. you're not making sense here. violence/assaults is always from men who are the dominant gender here in pak and this must stop now. nor religion neither law approve it. embeddedurl
dvdk64 ljayes 7).. has been severely eroded with religion being virtually given a seat in parliament & even in the judiciary we have seen politically aligned magistrates like dyson heydon used in failed royal commisions to attack political opponents and trade unions. bugger neo liberalism!!
imagine there's no countries it isn't hard to do nothing to kill or die for and no religion, too imagine all the people livin' life in peace imagine john lennon
rt ljs_c: i need religion outta healthcare cause wtf is this
the new raper album as articles below report tell us story about deaths young blacks peoples, i wonder if he contained in them album death young whites kids who were victims of black muslims crimes,rapes as well. if they did under the religion background they should have ban ente embeddedurl
chrisda33445506 jeangoodyear2 i'm not personally religious however as christianity is the majority religion of the uk, it will receive the respect it deserves & will be encouraged. it will not interfere with politics however.
rt tweetsmysonsaid: in my religion, communion is bread sticks in the shape of a crucifix and a lil marinara sauce shaped like jesus christ.
"their militancy was christ and in that militancy they educated their children, who inherited the religion. 'i was a christian, i never belonged to any political party,' says manuel [their father]."
the whole space things makes me get into the religion/god mindset...like the universe is beautiful and amazing - are we really the only ones here? and look how far we humans have come and where we have yet to go- just freaking indescribable...
biafrannamdi actually, christianity is not a religion. it is a lifestyle. going to church doesn't make you a christian. not going to church doesn't make you non-christian. always remember this
alpha_mind7 their new religion of vatigate is the brother of another mother = transhumanism. all elite-elite-groups, within pharma- and bigtech, un, wef, economy + politicians of the world are involved in the bigger agenda, to shape the new world order. who is behind or above the vatican?
jonrog1 think the “faceless” internet and social media has done more to create a less empathetic society than religion.
_nayyir_ i never understood it either. it’s just a religion.. why do people hate on someone who simply believes in different things? i never understood the concept of it
sac terrorists stormed a monastery in thegone village, hopin in mohnyin last night, brutally beaten monks & tied with rope, destroyed the properties with gunfires. they have no respect on any religion. legalize nug july5coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
rt dera9q: islam is a religion for horny bastards. covering women with hijab is not enough, now beardless men.
jacob_rees_mogg religion poisons everything
jfn1971 john_jakester justintrudeau nyet. its the neo fascist liberals roadmap of divide and conquer.divide by race,religion, sex and sexual orientation and then rule by fiat.cndpoli
ah yes kyungsoo in glasses...ny new religion embeddedurl
bruno in tank tops is my new religion
bonifacemwangi the almighty allah has assured us that our religion is perfect. "this day have i perfected your religion for you, completed my favour upon you, and have chosen for you islam as your religion. religion surah almaida
rt donnie_religion: don't tell me you don't need me ima make you stand on that one
khuzestan freeiran2021 iranprotests fun fact - did you know that iranian women in iran are forced to wear a hijab? regardless of what religion they are? oh you thought they’re all muslim? wrong, they are being forced! humanrights womensrights alinejadmasih
the holy scriptures of muslim religion prove that the creator of all, the destroyer of all sins, the all-powerful, imperishable god is in the form of a human body and resides in satyalok. his name is allah kabir. god_in_islam embeddedurl
so, because there isnt like a “priest” class in there, every guy is responsible for explaining and passing on the religion to his family, which basically means (not trying to offend anyone), everything has to be explainable by even a normal guy who isnt academic or a nerd. [...]
secularasfuck “you just want to impose your definition of sin on society. others may not agree with your definition.” oh wait, i’m not an atheist. but i still don’t want anyone imposing their religion on society.
nickelsgb deryllynn wouldn't it be just fair, and nice, to keep all religions out of schools? letting children focus on their studies, and let them choose about their religion when they have grown up, instead of forcing it upon them?
goes to show you it wasn’t about his religion or anything he just wanted money i have no respect for him anymore embeddedurl
rt kripuvisuals: let policies be made on financial conditions, not religion / caste! vidyasanatani embeddedurl
mac1davis mtracey we are talking religion here
mike_lucullus robert_zubrin 1.) ireland is now the 5th wealthiest country in the world.. and had 5 % growth during pandemic. whilst being what you call a 'theocracy' protestants were allowed to vote practice religion and own property as well as enter gov for 100 years.
bokangdakar graphicgurusgg twittology111 luthomatiwane3 nah i'm just sick of people profiting off of religion
staunchness, religion and finger length and bent the index finger represents religious attitude, proud, staunchness and ethics. the middle finger represents sentiments, melancholy and career. when the index is bent towards middle, the proud, religious attitude is embeddedurl
vatechmountain see, and that is where your perception fails you. if jesus christ can't give an answer to peoples actual concerns (in this case the absolute decline in living standards over the past 20 years), then why bother listening? people turn to wokeness (the new american religion)
mywineguy coinbureau has absolutely fuck-all to do with anyone’s religion. he’s a horrific subhuman whose mission to destroy america is well into swing.
westerngamayun darkcypher69 curmudgeon56 shesus__christ comparing people telling them to shove it compared to what organized religion has done to the world is such a fucked up thing to do, and you should be ashamed.
pretty art mary_the_blessed_virgin jesus jesusculture jesuschrist bible holybible praise wordofgod worship pray holyspirit godsgood godlovesyou god godsword godsnotdead religion saved salvation inspiration instagood art czeden cze den euro2020 em2021 embeddedurl
whenever i read tweets about x country has x% gender as decision makers or x number of certain religion i get extremely annoyed. like why the hell is that important. put the right people in the right place no matter what gender or religion they are! world
cynaegeirus greeks fought for their notional interest. turks fought for their notional interest. today, greeks want to istanbul (constantinople) because it's significant for their religion and culture. therefore, greeks and turks are not allies.
very sad state as to where we have come. the true american patriots will never feel alienated. we are all american if you are born here, or became citizens here regardless of color, culture , or religion. this is the best country and everyone knows it. embeddedurl
thank god someone is standing up for the us citizens rights to free speech,religion choices & informed medical consent!its time speaker wake up stop dictatorship!stop super spreader of folks pouring over border & being taken to every state!until pand is over! embeddedurl
sac terrorists stormed a monastery in thegone village, hopin in mohnyin last night, brutally beaten monks & tied with rope, destroyed the properties with gunfires. they have no respect on any religion. legalize nug july5coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
religion is concerned with man’s relation to god, and man has no right to determine the nature of this relation. it is god’s prerogative to specify how man should be related to him, and he does this in his divine word. —louis berkhof
everyone is a god in their own personal religion.
only two most brutal abrahamic religions claims to be religion of love and religion of peace!
talking about vaccination status is like talking about religion and politics; i don’t engage b/c i’m not with the bullshit. just continue to social distance away from me and you won’t have a problem
brumby_fan imagine all the people livin' for today ah imagine there's no countries it isn't hard to do nothing to kill or die for and no religion, too!
mominlacity tiffanybond sorayamcdonald emily7m religion, especially christian religion. religion tells boys and men that the problems of the world all trace back to eve (women) until that changes, we won't make very much progress. it states right in the bible that women are liars and not to be believed.
i was born today lady gaga is my mom adam driver is my dad and this is my new religion: father son and house of gucci houseofgucci houseofguccimovie houseofgucciiscoming ladygaga adamdriverfiles embeddedurl
atsushi101x lmao i already know what type of villains they are. the european secret cult that wants to save humanity with very genocidal means. it’s been used by teams magma and aqua. the villains are probably high class and possibly something with religion or prophecy. lol
it drives me crazy when someone tries to push what makes them happy onto someone else. i get it. your happy with your "normal" job, your kids, your religion, etc... but those things don't/ won't make everyone happy. :upside-down_face: good for you but you do you and i'll do me. sheeeeeesh.
lowiqfemale i mean idk why people are mad w your views on religion and family. ofc you’re gonna look for someone with simmilar views and values. its like the reddit atheists, as soon as someone mentions that they are religions they lose their shit.
lettiejp officialbarnesy nicolathorp_ rather than fail to respect them, the rulers' ideology, through religion. 'science' and literature, denigrated other human beings to justify enslavement, and that poison remains to this day
need_hindu_rashtra . all caste or religion-based appointments made in democracy will be retained, provided the appointees are found deserving; else, their appointments will be cancelled. hindujagrutiorg embeddedurl
scatterbrainuk netflix i do see the struggle of the lgbtq but you cannot say you ain't trying to squash rights of others while you guys flag religion and faith as extreme dark and dangerous thing that should be long gone from a "modern" society.
i really don’t care about what folks who obviously have no self awareness have to say about hiv/aids, homosexuality, religion, sex, women’s issues, gender, gender roles, or politics.
religion n black liberation embeddedurl
kabir is the real bhagwan in hindu religion. kabir is the real god_in_islam religion... kabir is the real rab in sikkh religion.... kabir is the real god in christian religion... kabir is the creator of all .. lord kabir ji embeddedurl
emmyfalc_n gimbakakanda which comes to my point of dragging him only. he isn't the religion and he isn't the only one practicing the religion... drag him and him alone.
goddesskyaa goddess kyaa you are my only goddess, i am a man surrendered to your feet, you are my only religion
artofthedyl sharamy adamserwer no where in what he said was there any race, religion, or sexual, gender-motivated hate speech. he's criticizing her decision. he has every right to his opinion. as do you. but call it what it is... not what you think it is.
meidas_sam2732 religion is a disease; sleep in on sundays!
conspiracy theorist/ fake news twit claims covid vaccinated people are infecting non vaccinated folk. just like religion. twisted to serve a purpose. no vaccine gives covid. the science replicates, giving our cells instructions. scientists are "scientists" for a damn good reason!
babubhayya5 xadeejournalist ramishfatima again i would say that it’s not about mohsin rather your commentary on religion based politics in if mohsin is doing a secular politics even then it’s pakistan’s internal issue and he has all the right to have his opinion which i own and have a nice weekend
people who are being patriotic and show love and devotion towards india/my motherland, they are my brothers and sisters irrespective of their religion and caste. jai hind.
hire us now for research paper chem essay due paper write english paper pay case study essaypay do my homework online class religion book review assignment chemistry 100daysofcode nodejs history econometrics statistics profassignments
pastors, bishops and priests are supposed to unite people and teach us to love one another, no divide us. beware the false prophets, there are many rearing their heads these days under the name of religion. embeddedurl
sac terrorists stormed a monastery in thegone village, hopin in mohnyin last night, brutally beaten monks & tied with rope, destroyed the properties with gunfires. they have no respect on any religion. legalize nug july5coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
davidfrawleyved the constitution of india ensures no one is oppressed and all citizens are equal. oppression on basis of religion, caste, language, race is not allowed, whatever the history.
dzenet abuamerican freedom of religion your point is?
yukosnq hanselng lilnasx how tf do you know of ive read it or not you can ask real christians have said that being gay isn't a sin stop using religion as an excuse you make them look bad
europeans recognised their differences in language, culture, value system, religion & decided to live separately in their respective countries, whereas africans continued living together & slaughtering themselves in countries that europeans forced them together. pathetic folks!
new tumblr post: "call for manuscripts: “asia in world history: comparisons, connections, and conflicts” (part 1)" embeddedurl cfp, callforpapers, religion, religiousstudies, acrel
write about confucianism and how it could be assumed as a religion there are some who think confucianism is not a religion. god or the gods are not central, life after death is no emphasized, and the whole focus is on good society and good people here on embeddedurl
jyotikarma7 pitiable soul ....dont have the balls to declare his religion ..
may all living creatures be blissful jainism religion quotes embeddedurl
ofovwe eli_atule are you kidding me?!. i don't know whether to laugh or be pissed, these people steady giving religion a bad name
i don’t judge people based on color,race ,religion,sexuality,gender ,ability or size ,i base it on whether or not they’re an asshole
sourpatches2077 but it contradicts itself much more then religion does. the thing is that it creates an illusion that it makes sense, so it passes as a substitute for religion. (not that religion is better, btw, but its much more dependent in a coherent ideology then wokeness)
white (christian) nationalist insurrection were they told to keep religion out of it? isn't whitechristiannationalism the primary motivation? rt it was ‘a white nationalist insurrection,’ says police officer on duty at capitol on jan. 6 | right wing watch embeddedurl
siqwrld you may not blame an entire religion for what one group of people did. islam is a very peaceful religion so don’t put a tw over a religion just because you’re disrespectful. many people have ptsd from people from other religions. just keep ur eyes shut if u have a problem hun
klezmerstyle this right here is another example of folkist heathens viewing a pagan religion through a christian lens. hel is not hell. it's not a bad place or a prison for sinners. embeddedurl
annajanecasey because sikhism is a beautiful equitable delightful religion
ernstroets you need some light reading matey, get william horwood's the duncton chronicles. it has everything: romance, tyranny, oppression, courage, religion, corruption, greed, love, friendship, power, poverty and more.
“on this day have i completed your religion for you and perfected my bounties upon you and am pleased with islam as being your religion.” ghadir identify munafiq ghadeerdayofislam embeddedurl
lethargicfagg sorry bro. he's totally wrong for saying that. he himself tak ikut ajaran islam (pemimpin adil dan amanah). the problem here is the person, not the religion. please respect my religion. sorry for this penunggang agama.
rt kirannaz96: if your religion is so great, it shouldn’t need protection from some pictures or words.
realvision a 21st century religion
jasonkander walshfreedom we should leave religion out of the government
i want to teach chimps religion, i’d be like god but my followers are stronger
oluchristty it is unislamic to be with a woman that didn't cover her hair. totally unexpectedly in islamic religion. shame to the northerngovern
i always admire the strength and unity that we have. we are a diverse group of people, we have different nationality, ethnicity, religion, race and gender but we have came together as one to support and love our one true seven. i'm proud to be an army happybirthdaytoarmy embeddedurl
i had a very candid conversation about religion with a teacher over 10 years ago. he said "religion is important for 2 things, 1. it builds our conscience therefore providing order for humanity... embeddedurl
where organized religion went wrong was taming the lore. norse and greek mythologies went off! on some freaky shit fr. the bible tried it with lot and the whole book of solomon, but it just doesn’t have the same pizazz.
rt lonewalker_256: tymajestic is that what most religion refer to as "satan" or "lucifer"?
donnerandchris susiefreathy leahmcelrath i used to think that there were rational people in that party that just let...i dunno...religion, or "tradition" dictate more of their choices than i do, but lately i think that the vast majority are craven fuckers.
dejinious_ curious_jonn _kwame3 i agree in calling it a practice as you would call a job, a practice but i disagree with the subtle conflation of practice and religion you tried to sneak past us.
shaik7321 sudarshan ji is fighting for his religion, because one person from a particular caste had hurt our religious sentiments. we demand his immediate arrest. jai shri ram brahaman devta ki jai. ..
when the anc 'got religion'? the scuffle continues : spiritual : embeddedurl
you wanna claim to be better than theists then fucking prove it for once and start forming a community not rooted in hate for one religion generalized to all of them 3/4
dennisbooevans dfsolomon23 and that’s understandable, but i’m also a firm believer in science over religion. without it, babies will die of the same cancer they are given by whoever runs this thing called life. all of us would be dead by now, instead of enjoying 80 years instead of 40.
dhirajh1n1 anvikshikitrayi prawn stars can campaign for indian tweeters national religion ...oooh aaah ..ouch .
people have a need to believe in something believe in god (religion) believe in yourself (nietzsche) believe in "the experts" (upper middle class strivers) embeddedurl
rachelmoor29 nope. why? i have read too much history. religion makes people do horrible things to others in the name of "religion." so much hypocrisy. though i do "get" how it is a great comfort to some people.
bhartendu2206 there is too much discretion involved in practical exams / viva. it's difficult for others to 'prove' what factors were at work. it could be gender, language, caste, religion, and at higher levels, also whether the examiners are jealous of publications from candidates' alma mater
ashutosh83b i am indian first after hindu. i respect all religions and castes. when patient needs blood in hospital, doctor checks blood group only and does not see any caste and religion. embeddedurl
waltshaub karenattiah ive seen people from harvard and other top notch schools say people of cuba being denied the right to vote ,assembly, due process, the press ,religion etc is because of the embargo, i think that's light being bent by the gravity of ideology, community college do it too
oohpujie except for the prohibited reasons (sex, race, religion, etc). yes, i'm aware people can violate that law pretty safely, still not legal though
you were looking for a leader, he came as a son you were looking for religion, he brought industry you were looking for a road, made an expressway you wanted to travel, built a bus stand you wanted to relax, built janeshwar mishra park you wanted to roam made the river embeddedurl
stopeatingmeat meat consumption is not an act of humans and nowhere is it written that this practice is to be followed by the people of this religion. sant rampal ji embeddedurl
darkkni44982146 sanghistock kartik7777777 shanmugamsp16 church attendance is not even 1% on sundays in europe and america, is it a failed religion.
let me tell you religious zealots. my husband goes to church every sunday (i follow more the 10 commandments then he does). anyway, the church seems to have lost 1/2 its people. young america is not growing up with need for religion. you can be a good person (maybe better) w/out embeddedurl
scrapyardchic saharareporters adeyanjudeji you be mumu, but you have bible and quran in your house, what’s the difference in terms of religion between bible, quran and charms ?
tvmohandaspai shefvaidya narendramodi pontifex amitshah princearihan republic timesnow maybe start by looking into your own religion first?
"it’s a defeatist belief masquerading as faith. it pretends to be a sort of spiritual surrender but really, it’s russian roulette. it’s recklessness dressing up as religion." embeddedurl
wolfejosh “the only way to get rich in this country is to start a religion.” -l. ron hubbard
i get tired of these guys making christianity look like an idiot's religion. embeddedurl
fake_biden can someone tell me what religion does not allow geting vaccines and what bible verse? i've been told that multiple times. i'm sure god created all these amazing people to come up with vaccines to have people die using his name.
joshmandelohio get bent josh...there are more than one religious denominations operating networks of churches in this country...which religions dogma gets treated as law over the other? each gets one month out of the year? your religion has nothing to do with civil or criminal laws
march_for_life stevedaines "religion is not science...we should stop subsidizing it". while we're at it, i don't think we should be subsidizing stevedaines salary and healthcare
simplykashif religion is nothing but a drug used by governments and selfish people to control the masses. it's the opposite of bitcoin philosophy.
rt ayeshaijazkhan: therealylh sehban she dragged galloway’s religion into a whole article she did for the new statesman.
arib2783 306ismyfavnum lindyli this is reality, not religion. repent & accept christ right now!
remarks by lisa peterson, drl_as, assistant u.s. secretary of state, at a virtual event held by ihumanrightsc with un special rapporteurs for freedom of religion or belief, freedom of expression, and minority issues on july 13, 2021. embeddedurl
lovestdiomande wendyrogersaz brits who identify as “scots-irish” are as irish as they are native american. between 1603-1998, these brits carried out a violent & persistent campaign of ethnic cleansing, 2 genocides, dispossession of all property/possessions, outlawing of our language & religion. zero rights
who the hell are these commentators saying shit “football is a religion is both countries”
bapu word from.. he wrote about it in his books. read them, be well rahulgandhi relevant even more today is religion's of india. love.
joshmandelohio separation of church & state: formalized in a law providing for the separation of church and state, that is, the separation of religion from political power. ... this aims to protect the public power from the influences of religious institutions, especially in public office.
governorkibwana mohammed began a new religion and therefore quran . consequantially others are still doing this.
i love that the main religion in outer worlds is pretty much calvinism.
rt holykoolaid: islam is the most feminist religion? then tell me... do the women also get 72 virgins?
tanu_tanu9 oyevivekk swati_gs yes not just religion but so many other things where they're brainwashing. can't watch anything with family. justifying criminals by portraying them larger than life, promoting rpe culture. they're filthy and disgusting. boycottbollywood
gottem69 jeremynewberger because scared people are easier to controll if havent noticed. take religion for instance. if it was based on if you believe or you dont thats fine and move on. but if i attach a consequence to it as if you dont believe you will burn in hell....
maisooru nimmasuresh gems from her interview during anti caa protests: "why did they add religion in caa? they could have said persecuted minorities. when religion is brought into picture, then it leads to communalism" bhavyanmurthy lacks the basic common sense about minorities in af, pk, bd
zubymusic the science is the the fastest growing religion in the us, possibly the world.
on the contrary ranaayyub is harassing us and india everyday playing her religion card. embeddedurl
blazeo426 had nothing to do with religion
itssamg i have never understood the passionate aversion so many have to darwin’s observations. it isn’t as if he set out to destabilize western religion. 99.9% of all species to appear on earth are now extinct. he merely explained the process. (spoiler alert: we’re soon )
gorskiphilip hedgehogreview and your examples of religion and politics (moth & flame; grasshopper & parasite) seem only negative. what about beneficial relationships between religion and politics?
stopeatingmeat meat consumption is not an act of humans and nowhere is it written that this practice is to be followed by the people of this religion. embeddedurl
bahaitweets nothing divides like religion.
johnmuchina86 realxxaddi wmnjoya mwangiiliz the 3rd highest cause of blindness is eye cataracts. the first two? ..politics and religion!
embeddedurl like follow share trend trending buzz digital social viral media news india indian headline topnews news inventiva follow business startup technology covid19 coronavirus covid_19 pandemic covid sales lockdown humanity religion
therealchase5 abortionchat emilybanting1 meljonesladadee justinjtp woofaraw dusm1811 religion and philosophy go hand-in-hand. both based on subjective, bias, personal views. i tend to look at things from a logical, rational viewpoint. i choose science over philosophical/religious views.
omolere abbanwo i want to be judged according to the tenets of my religion. it does affect you or your kind. why should i be denied what i believe the constitution affords me? again, na question i ask ooo
this shirtless jeno shall be my new religion.
it’s not about religion, it’s about the kingdom—pastor jason evans
rt iliuhmi: she is my religion embeddedurl
eid al-ghadir – 28th july – 29th july 2021 eid al-ghadir is observed on the 18th day of the islamic month of dhu al-hijjah which is the final month of the lunar-based muslim calendar. plushlegion eidalghadir islamic islam muslim feast festival religion embeddedurl
mihrthakar reason, logic, common sense and science are never compatible with religion. e.g as of today, evolution is an indisputable fact.
spallyg94 thetimes my points are from my religion so your agreeing with my points is actually agreeing with what you call my 'evil religion'
rchiovoloni i'm tryin' to figure out which religion caused most harm & hate? now, on the other foot, if you don't worship the same teapot i do, that's a whole 'nother proposition .. embeddedurl
sickfemme dominicbuxton autisticlyaaron replace "white" with black and replace "christians" with another religion and tell me that it's still an acceptable statement for someone to say?! no it's not. stop generalising and stop spreading hate, focus your energy on bad individuals instead. have some respect embeddedurl
william gass introduces william gaddis at "the writer and religion" conf... embeddedurl via youtube
there are many who get judgy about people that have a particular religion. but i think that is a scapegoat. the focus always has to be self.
un allah's peace & blessings be with you. islam the religion of god i.e allah was not completed by abraham, jacob/david/soloman/moses, or christ. christ brought no new law in the gospel. the gospel is confirmation of the torah. the quran is confirmation of torah & gospel.
davidmweissman hobbylobby as a christian, i find the idea that the u.s. should be led by christians unconstitutional & corrupting to christianity. we should be led by principled, ethical people, who work for the good of all the people, whether they practice a certain religion or no religion at all.
she changed her religion on her own free will she was married to muslim man against 2lacs of maher in 1lac was already paid now she has been forced to marry other sikh man and her muslim husband shahid bhatt is in jail justiceforzoya embeddedurl
drums_wires kahealy apostatehymnals indole_gaines yourselfsnowman bitterdregz edward12hw craftcarlson elviswheel bestsongiheard morphine_lazlo very indicative of the peace of mind and grace that religion imbues one with
rt agentsaffron: matkashbakihai hinduism isn't even an officially approved religion in china.
islamophobia in nigeria is very real and also justified. you have every right to feel fear and “hate” towards the religion as a nigerian.
rt stillgoiden: this is my new religion embeddedurl
wonder in what way religion affected someone's life. when it is a struggle to make two ends meet almost daily for very many, is it right to create ruckus in the name of religion? embeddedurl
wrgoodie artifactshub religion definitely started before agriculture. even the paleolithic humans worshipped forces of nature including animals and everything else that they were afraid of. uncertainty, fear, and a state of helplessness gave birth to a form of ‘appeasement’ that turned into religion
hoopoe_is_here what about anti-religion? i have seen many anti-bjp people going nutz for their shitty religions.
unlike the incident of boyslockerroom which did the same but with many women regardless of their religion,which saw a huge uproar,the feminists & activists are stepping back now that its systematic target of muslim women in the case of sullideals. (2/2) hindutvadealculture
everyone whether he/she is an obc or sc/st or tamil must be proud of what they are. that is what suresh raina doing and i don't think it's hurt emotions of any caste or religion. be proud of what we are. i firmly stand with raina. i am proud of being brahmin मैं_भी_ब्राह्मण_हूं
two down, two to go. i mean, i'm still eradicating the religion, but i have eliminated its state sponsor and will convert the final few cities in passing. embeddedurl
for conspiracy to do bodily harm to me , your newly appointed and elected 1st black afrikan american. woman /lady , eelqadina muslimlina polk espinoza muhammed, ph d. in quantum physiology,world religion,spiritual philosophy and in forensic psychology, atm-bronze, ,cert. 24032a,
jackiebarbosa takethathistory sicut_lupus crispycurry rayowen27617272 melanie33720945 umfpt inbybits2 heathenwombat galcondude leaveherjohn peterrevo16 ayrshirebog godflythe scientiapercept jespardalvar laughchem spikeinthemidge bruceraycarr1 rkdoctr malo_j rfirethief thedukeistheman 1pckt vincepopart hugh_bothwell christgodtweet ddllaaww rtheatheist bbrown24646528 adrianturner01 flaffenbam nodisassemble5 oliviac14337638 waragoodwarfare apophis92141008 doubledoublejon jools6691 rodeson42 pen_bird macbareth suiwazear goatmunch ah_science pg13scottwatson cleisthenes5 andyguy orna_verum thecolossis quite close isn't it? the message is very close except for the deities. that is also explained in the bible. people were manipulated by false prophets just like islam. but christianity is the largest religion in the world.
marshall co politicians use religion as an excuse to hurt people & use $jnj meth to hurt people & then make jokes embeddedurl
nmirzaahmad we don't need anyone who is against our believe and ideology. first religion then science come in our mind. don't impose those vilians on us. you can publish on your oun private schools,
jansliwa brunonbonifacy eriksherman mckaymsmith joyzamoyskikoch rachellefriedm2 teddysmom8 jgrabows that’s a strange thing you said. religion mitigates what men would otherwise do as a result of their nature? how does that fit in with your view on jews then if you think they aided the nazis and the communists? do you think people who practice judaism wouldn’t save neighbors?
suxelamai western culture is based upon a primitive hunting society the type of culture your society arose from partly determines that society's zeitgeist, religion, etc hunters prize the ability to kill and dominate agrarian cultures value the earth and its inhabitants imho
omar98174296 bbcnews you, religious people should know better! and respect the way we want to live....there is plenty of churches, mosques, synagogues etc... were you can as religious as you wish, we just want to be free from any religion in city hall, in schools etc....
i wrote a review of “asian religious responses to darwinism” - a book that greatly enriches our understanding of religion and science embeddedurl embeddedurl
livelawindia thelordreigneth listen: if two people want to be together in marriage that goes against religious beliefs then it's simple. religion is not authorized to marry the couple. the nations and governments must enact an alternative. thankssucceedholy
organized religion is a colonizer's tool of manipulation & control. :raised_fist_medium-dark_skin_tone::raised_fist_medium-light_skin_tone: embeddedurl
javedakhtarjadu comparing obama with shah jahan. what kind of an idiot are you? and even if you want to compare then take the work done by both not religion. there is a huge difference. but people like you won't do that.
camnufc_ clearly funny shown by his tv stuff but from what i’ve seen his standup is just ha ha people get easily offended i don’t like that or religion bad
dont engage in more politics of caste or religion. be with your basic issues like educated, healthcare, employment join aaputtarpradesh upmeinbhikejriwal upcyss nehafolksinger joinaap theupkhabar upmeinbhiak aaputtarpradesh bjp4up embeddedurl
dr_tewari sagarikaghose christianity was not official religion of majority countries. they were successful by killing and forcefully converting people of majority of the countries. they are highly unsuccessful in india yet.
having a trump is like having a religion or a penis. don’t wave it around in public. don’t jam it down my throat. and for goodness sake, keep it away from the children! embeddedurl
i say “religion” because christian, muslim, and jewish extremism have all manifested horribly regressive views in the swana region
lala1731 takuragadza __greyyyy find history of religion by truthunedited on youtube, he goes all the history of the church and has sources
aman_vijaywargi sanprosperity amazon prime sabse jyada hinduo se kamata hai or phir ushi religion pe hamare god ko badnam karta hai paisa kamane ke liye. amazon ko paise dene se acha hai me 200rs ki charity kardu
is christianity compatible with african traditional religion? - acts 29 embeddedurl
notrerene she likes the 'facts' that reinforce her religious beliefs. we all know what they are by now; more eu, more masks, hide behind the sofa rather than take personal responsibility for anything, more disdain for anyone outside the religion....
the greeks were influenced by egyptian mythology. there is a diety of beauty, love, and women in almost every polytheistic religion. they all recognized the same energies. very cool to think about
davidfrawleyved world afraid of hindus and terrified world united against hindus, none in support. what is there in hinduism that has created insecurity amongst other religion of the world? hindus believe in humanity, coexistence, love, welfare of the people of the world.
damotwot well if you didn't referred to it my religion then it might be my misunderstanding
missionambedkar if you hate another person for religion than you have already lost the plot . we understand the deprived class has suffered fir years .. but that doesn’t mean we hate them even now .. this will just wide the gap .. fight for your right but no sacrificing others belive
calebbrown549 i'm surprised you haven't jumped to the mostly-bs "medical" uses, yet. but, no, there are zero benefits to recreational marijuana usage. i suppose if you were a part of some primitive, weed-smoking pagan religion, you might be able to make a case for a "spiritual" use.
gerryduggan definitelyvita this is in the same realm as star wars: nobody remembers the details of a galaxy-wide religious order helping people, calling it “an ancient religion” even though the jedi were active less than 20 yrs ago. we’re now dismissing a domestic terrror act 6 mos ago as “lost tourists”.
adultery + pregnancy = ramayan shilpa shetty worships "maa hungama" allah kasam, won't forget old religion when i fake new one to woo woman one more hindu glorification from team of sirpareshrawal, priyadarshandir rajpalofficial hungama 2 coming soon embeddedurl
thebabylonbee yes, let's make fun of those that fled europe because they would get drowned in their own countries for having the wrong religion lol
aspen_lindsay dinferences think of it as an obscure (now not so obscure) religion applied to math. embeddedurl
this. this is why i dont completely trust christians, even the good ones. its *that* easy to justify genocide, to disconnect yourself from the, beyond describably, awful things that your religion has done in the name of its god. 'murder is okay if it's jesus murder'. embeddedurl
subsailor62 peterburnsespn mullen = finance saban = mba level management jimbo = agri-business holtz = religion orgeron = french leach = psych
perthbadgeman sirlady113 chomcgoo you have clearly done no research! they are not political! we have been steered away from religion while they have been worshipping lucifer.
rupagh0sh dipshikhaghosh most people's conscience work on 'quid pro quo' basis. doing welfare according to religion is also the same. but the people who need help the most are usually too weak to pay us back.
vanguardngrnews no sir. prayer is not. stop using religion as an excuse for incompetence
snellszn it’s a lot, but first and foremost he started a new religion, got tased, booked and more in the past 2 years in gb lol
bmckev patrickdeneen there is no love in your religion which insists you to discriminate. the sad thing is you probably believe you are a good person.
someone just blocked me because i suggested spelling may be important. not a exactly a huge issue, but i disagreed with her so she blocked me. spelling. not religion or politics or economics. spelling. whiskey tango foxtrot... spellingcounts
pretty art mary_the_blessed_virgin jesus jesusculture jesuschrist bible holybible praise wordofgod worship pray holyspirit godsgood godlovesyou god godsword godsnotdead religion saved salvation inspiration instagood art belita bel ita euro2020 em2021 embeddedurl
wow! if it is "the end time" why does anyone care? what is it about humanity that people decide whatever their "religion" is, it is the only one? why does it matter to christians what jewish people do? :u.s._outlying_islands: embeddedurl
shrutikrishna9 deepaktwitsu darab_farooqui rss shakhas have nothing to do with religion, it is place for grooming young innocent kinds and taking advantage of them. need to fight against that rsstharkiuncles
it’s so devastating that my true religion jeans i found at goodwill are high .i look mad goofy in them
foxxjams unizombieflower pgatour happy happy healthy life happy ness spread with honest peacefull human humanity religion only one injoy full lives together rispect full happy happy happy ness we are one family friend together rispect. together help health care be safe be healthy happyfull winners congratulat
worlds largest most powerful countries becoming autocratic dictatorships. large groups of people joining death cults, rejecting scientific facts in favor of religion as in the dark age. floods in many areas, drought in many others. a world w alternative truths. dystopia! 2/2
jollymollyroger i’m sick of this forcing one’s religion on everyone.
except islamaphobia doesn't exist...a phobia is an irrational fear - nothing irrational about fear of islam. but i'd rather we, as a christian nation, did not focus on a foreign religion. embeddedurl
washington post religion writers strike again embeddedurl
richbraydenw epicsansmain_ rushieboi lucas7yoshi what r they gonna do yell at u because something in ur religion has it to where u can’t be gay? they gonna yell at me for something i didn’t make?
if houses of worship of any other religion were being burned to the ground, even one, it would be global front page news there's nothing on it in australian media cannot believe what i am seeing embeddedurl
papizwane2 personalize getting to know the bible, religion has been warped by humans to suit and benefit their agendas. tertiary teaches one to listen to the lecture but also read and understand your text books allot christian's just follow their pastors and never read their bibles.
washingtonpost i guess these people have no idea why the settlers came to this land. nor does it seem they ever read the constitution and one of its substantial foundations: freedom of religion. which includes freedom from religion! i guess they care more about their christian sharia laws.
maga is a religion. they worship a demi-god, trump.
dylanhasth0ts dannah__montana wait till the investigation discovers that religion is man made and not god .mindblow
you are living in a country where a state is about banning women from driving in the name of religion and you are still having conversations invested in remaining in the same country with such. you people are dishonest and unserious and this is what is killing us. embeddedurl
tensaimalek mollykhadija georgixlouisex what i meant in the beginning was in most contexts when you are talking about any religion, it’s important to come off respectful
my religion is twilight embeddedurl
talbertswan why are you fueling hate? you're using the colour of skin to divide people. this antithesis to what the best of religion has to offer.
muftitaqiusmani they don't realize they are just the custodians, they can't change the laws and commandments of the religion. this is not even going to turn out good for their own selves. sorry state of affairs. embeddedurl
gmcendfgm religion and culture are no defense for barbarity, cruelty and the subjugation of women. never, nowhere, ever.
do not touch my religion :raised_fist_medium-light_skin_tone: embeddedurl
brumbyoz ‘abd khayr reported: ali ibn abi talib, may allah be pleased with him, said, “if the religion were based upon one’s opinion, one might expect the bottom of the leather sock to be wiped instead of the top. i have seen the messenger of allah, peace and blessings be upon him, wiping
look, what is happening in a school on eid-al-ajha girls will wear green dupatta, boys will wear green t shirt this is okey but what is the meaning of noone will sing national anthem. can anyone tell me the reason of it? can any religion be bigger than nation? swati_gs embeddedurl
rt jimmyfloydgol: this is the england i like. no matter which religion you have you love your country
5. religion at that time. just saying!!! remember the full name of the christian religion is judeo-christian religion, making you 1/2 jew-1/2 christian. without abraham, moses and jesus there is no christian religion bible to defend enslaving black africans. embeddedurl
hoodie_cason dandl26 sportscenter courtneyrcronin nonsense. being unvaccinated for covid-19 is not a protected class like race, gender, religion. discrimination against someone based on those classes is illegal.
deputy president william ruto will beat raila odinga, kalonzo musyoka, musalia mudavadi and wetangula combined come 2022. williamsruto is the only individual who resonates with majority of kenyans, irrespective of their tribe, religion and backgrounds itumbi curfew bottomup embeddedurl
food insecurity is on the rise. rural unemployment has spiraled to more 14.34% and urban unemployment to 14.71%. only 5.1% is fully vaccinated. retail inflation has spiked to 6.3%. but hey, let’s fight over religion. embeddedurl
joncoopertweets cowboytexas repmtg there was a time in gop history where your party would defend the right to refuse service. difference is this guy isn't basing it on religion or race or party, but sanity and safety.
pyramids bad religion thinkin bout you embeddedurl
it's wrong to hate on other people's religion
joncoopertweets maybe when they come back in their next life they won't be so stupid. their religion may not even be around a next time!
gianis_1 inessanta7 goldisez diceman__ neil4n macachek 4321parker lindp12 1egetfl beecorn3 cw2117 livefreeldy magirly9 mishao1989 mredpilld pwrich09 pm20014t houpat2 timcamp03 trisagoras txark76 jacfam2 patriot4trump24 preside28399984 maggie74954877 different between religion and relationship, jesus said i am the true vine, and my father is the vinedresser. every branch in me that does not bear fruit he takes away;* and every branch that bears fruit he prunes, that it may bear more fruit. bring people to him
what you say if a kurd say that to their occupiers and invaders!!! kurds are the indigenous people of their native land, they were there before arabs turks and persian invaded and occupied their land, they used religion to slaughter the kurds and steal their land still not enough embeddedurl
bonifacemwangi i think the problem with religion is that its a man-made thing. thats why it's as flawed as can be. god designed faith. there's a world of a difference
george zidane (arab christian writer and scholar) says: if i say that christ is higher than ali (pbuh), my intellect will not allow it, and if i say that ali (pbuh) is higher than christ (pbuh), my religion will not allow it. livelikeali فقط_به_عشق_علی
peterlabarbera tabithaaz1 truth you dishonestly conflate criticism of your hateful political agenda with criticism of your religion or god. no one is mocking your god, peter. your hateful political agenda of persecution is undoubtedly a human construct. if there's a god, you'll stand in judgment for your hate.
bnicholsliberty cough lefty's republicans actually have a real religion
coolfunnytshirt but certain religion has terrorism.
imagine there's no religion. or, just imagine that all the scamvangelists were paying taxes. embeddedurl
israel_advocacy john_w_cleaver metcc ah the 'religion of peace' strikes yet again. sadiqkhan / mayoroflondon your comments please.
realcoachrosey good for you. though i don't believe, there are many good religious people out there and i understand the good (not just the bad things like you mentioned) that religion can do for some people. evangelicals do go much more extreme than typical christians, baptists, etc though.
sentedcruz aren't you a southern baptist ted & say your religion leads your life. does yr religion teach you to lie, lie&defend a man who's the antithesis of christ. does yr church teach god's judgement will be on each of us & we'll answer for every lie! i suggest a talk with your creator.
when you don't understand difference between patriotism & freedom of religion you make such statements with cognitive dissonance. following or not following any religion can't be a test of loyalty for india, rather it is about love & respect for constitutional rights of indians. embeddedurl
i will never support ys.sharmila .... but this hitting back at media which tries to brand religion for political gains .... needs to be hit back hard. very hard !!! embeddedurl
dxclantweets keeperofruin omar90311309 ign the ideology? ^^^^^^ her job was to tell the best story she possibly could. to be clear i love and respect and embrace all people, regardless of religion or creed. you are all entitled to your opinions and i hope you can respect mine. her goal was not to tell the best embeddedurl
missterrors laurenboebert people have been going door-to-door to push their religion on me for years. where were you then? dumbass.
nishtunishaa talking about allah /god not asking you which religion exist or not ...
more on the international war on religion! report: persecution of indian christians unabated, 154 acts of violence so far this year | cbn news embeddedurl
thetattooedprof i’d be curious to see how religion vs church attendance affects identity.
god_in_islam the holy scriptures of muslim religion prove that the creator of all creation, the destroyer of all sins, the all-powerful, imperishable god. he is shaped like a human body and lives in satyalok. watch shraddha channel at 2.00pm embeddedurl
dfirmness jilla27 jonnathannx nypost not just talking about abrahamic religion, btw. throughout history there has been no faithless society to exist long term. without some kind of unifying ideal to provide values, which was the original point, a society cannot continue to exist.
nhannahjones religion is the source for most of the violence on this earth since the beginning.
bacon6966 onlinesavant i’m guessing math wasn’t your strong point. i tried, see ya. enjoy your new religion.
anyways ryota manspreading is my religion embeddedurl
there is a growing awareness among scholars of international relations that religion is an important factor in global politics. though it is not the only factor, religion influence international relations in multiple ways embeddedurl
done with gandhi and may i just say na grabe ang brutality ng jallianwalah bagh massacre and yet, nagpatayan sila para maghati for religion??? embeddedurl
tellum666 been thinking it through for over 40 years, will be happy to see those holidays replaced by republic day & whatever, religion is not part of my life
adamdrakon answersinreason the entire history of religion is an assumption/presumption of agencies with intent. we see agency everywhere, even supposedly rational me has punched his alarm clock for waking him up. is it a false positive, and how could we tell?
the gods of indian country: religion and the struggle for the american west. america embeddedurl
would have the country destroyed from trying to command the actual dragon. the would have the country destroyed from trying to convince their serpent imitations were the serpent from religion.
harambeactual one of the things i love most about this new religion is because it states "try not to be an asshole." it doesn't specify how much trying should be done so it covers me perfectly
it’s weird both my parents found religion after divorce & my dad just called to tell me he is getting ordained. meanwhile their only child is struggling & they’re both financially stable:upside-down_face:
rohini_sgh but why this happened in peaceful religion?
i just subscribed to religion unplugged’s week in headlines embeddedurl because it's religion news you won't get anywhere else.
test enjoy & circulate incredible elected itemization in 'rev against religion- protestantism' embeddedurl thanks to revkevdeyoung wearecatholic prolife
the anointing of the spirit is going to be more radiant as you learn to hear the voice of god over and above the voice of religion and tradition. the secret in honoring prophet_elvis embeddedurl prophetelvismbonye embeddedurl
yhwhuniversity heyitscarolyn sekusa1 d_anngg obannons1969111 kimmerztweets otherrealmsauth clowncollegede1 investigator_51 red3691 sissy4trump familyfirstcorp womenforkag anon_ravn kagqueen gop original tweet deleted i didn't take down my tweet after twitter legal contacted me they said the country of india was suing me because of an anti-muhammad post apparently you can't say anything bad about any religion there i wanted to respond to the complaint but
cmdrfrog dphamilton joenbc you're thinking about it all wrong. do you think people go to church just to try to get happy feelings? people go to church to worship their god. those feelings are often a result. ultimately it comes down to a belief in god, if you don't, religion won't make sense.
harish80635127 shashi_147 that is your understanding embeddedurl u are changing..but my understanding is embeddedurl won't change. i will fight on problem..i won't escape from problem.. every religion having these..not all christians & muslims not allowed to same church&majid!!
"essay writing competition" topic: role of youth in building the nation moral system everyone living in jagtial can participate irrespective of religion (females only) dm for submission details! jazakallah khair giojagtial embeddedurl
layer 04: religion, frame 4784 / 17114 embeddedurl
he talked about men giving head in the parking lots which was wrong (to me) and nas made a video about satan with shoes to make which was disrespectful to religion (to me) stay in your corner if you straight be that, gay? be that. don’t believe in god? okay, you do? . tf.
brie is my religion embeddedurl
article 31 of the 39 articles of religion of the church of england embeddedurl
this is what republicans mean when they say “america first.”what is worst, they hide behind religion. remember the guy looking for the front of the bible? embeddedurl
kuruthi - a gripping & effective religion based chamber thriller (happens mostly in one place) - 1st 25mins slow - prithviraj comes only after 45 mins. his villainism was - 1st half - thrilling+engaging. - 2nd half has few drags but screenplay - overall a good 1 time watch embeddedurl
also, for democracy to work, it has to be the first priority over any one religion.
so i came across an ig acc today that was clearly spreading hate speeches about one religion in particular!! christianity. my question is why? why so much hate? why no respect for other religions? where is secularindia ???
layer 04: religion, frame 4574 / 17114 embeddedurl
pakistan was established in the name of islam and continues to travel with the power of islam till the last world war begins with the battle of islam as a result of which the whole world but only one religion will prevail islam! pakistanzindabad independencedaypakistan embeddedurl
reuters 'religion' has long been used for thousands of years as a weapon to terrorize, belittle women, keep slaves and burn people in the name of 'god'. and ud find these same people just use religion but don't believe in it afghanistancrisis afganistan talibanterror afghanishtan embeddedurl
layer 04: religion, frame 7740 / 17114 embeddedurl
layer 04: religion, frame 5678 / 17114 embeddedurl
letsgetitbetter coachblade agree "classical liberalism" used to designate the ideology advocating private property, an unhampered market economy, the rule of law, constitutional guarantees of freedom of religion and of the press, and international peace based on free trade. embeddedurl
realstory_of_hazratmuhammad hazrat mohammed ji stalked a cow and resurrected it at the mercy of allah kabir, but after that muslim religious leaders started killing innocent creatures in the name of religion. bakhabar on earth embeddedurl
gurusevak1020 before mughals came.. which religion's rashtra india was then?
it isn’t about terrorism, any religion that uses murder as a “penance” should be condemned embeddedurl
layer 04: religion, frame 7718 / 17114 embeddedurl
for 300 days, attacks by ethiopian & eritrean forces, have destroyed buildings dedicated to religion, education, charitable causes, culture, history & hospitals. bmz_bund regsprecher auswaertigesamt heikomaas don’t look away! 300daysoftigraygenocide embeddedurl
nytimes so many humans allow themselves to be mental hostages to religion. why? why can't humans be secure enuf to admit that they, like all living earth organisms, will return to the earth at death. nothing more; no 2nd lives. all who sell these lies = frauds. sorry...no, not really.
i only accept one religion embeddedurl
...their members to stop wearing ear rings, short dresses, make ups and so on, just exactly how slaves owners brand their slaves palms, shoulders, buttocks, or cheek with a branding iron. this makes it obvious that religion is a pyramid scam.
sehrishjsultan tries to harrase a girl ppl make kachoomar of him, boys are also killed in the name of honor as girls. i think this depends on culture of region. religion has done justice with everyone but unfortunately ppl don’t.
forscandinavia wargarw god7old they want to cut off people from their roots. the ancestral identity. on ideological level - religion. but circumstances as war, famine, plagues etc. helps with that, because then people search for help rather than reject interference from outsiders. indoctrination = pacification
randolf828 theivorobotnik joedge___ popeyedoyle28x2 wecanbuzz i am sorry you can't see how hypocritical everything you say is but you are literally no different in any way from a religious zealot except your religion is hating religion.
i would agree that the census question on religion is presumptive i'd been putting 'anglican' on census for years bec i was christened anglican - but i'm not religious. i've therefore been adding to false data this year i will be putting 'no religion' embeddedurl
muslims marrying outside religion is anti-islamic, says all india muslim personal law board; reports rashmi sharma embeddedurl
your self-worth is exactly the worth that you have 4 your parents,ur culture,ur religion,ur traditional wisdom that comes down thru embeddedurl proud of religion,parentage,our culture & wisdom.acharyasabha avdheshanandg manjeetnegilive sadgurudev_goa vhpdigital
im_sandybelle mrodanz hope is very essential for human existence. whether you believe in religion or not, hope keeps us going.
upon request and never ask for any favours. when the covid19 virus was spreading in wuhan, india rescued people from many countries, including maldives and bangladeshis, regardless of religion. we also need to understand that it was done in the name of humanity by india and
ruthmw thisnonhumanity caminterfaith sounds interesting! summary? what does she mean 'decolonising religion'!?
haleystusk juellz3 snowden apple no one likes 2 think they’ve been made a fool most of their lives, let alone radicalised but here we are capitalism’s akin 2 an extremist religion that sets itself apart from others by removing the humanity & reducing most ppl 2 economic liabilities we can do better than this embeddedurl
cbcottawa of the 689 how many are fat? i mean over weight?? or old af ?? i mean over 70-80 ish?? any on pills to stay alive before this?? just a few random questions the media never asks or would even answer if known haha .. maybe the religion matters too.. any catholics??
ahmadrusli khaledbeydoun liar!! it's not "women" it's "girls" under the age of 17, until the last year of high school who are not allowed to wear the islamic veil in order to preserve their freedom of thought. something your religion doesn't care about - at all!!
travelogue she has practiced buddhism for 5 yrs. she has a 3-yr-old daughter from previous relationship, the father is a daoist. she said she will let daughter choose her own path once she is 18. china religion freedom photo/chinachat serrrrrrgioxu embeddedurl embeddedurl
identify the enemy “islam is a political movement masquerading as a religion.” importing foreign muslims is sponsoring our own suicide. the takeover of the untied states is not protected under 1a meet us admiral (ret) james “ace” lyons february 11, 2015 washington dc embeddedurl
what is your favorite religion out of all these options? (alphabetically arranged)
the network of women in media, india, urges the indian govt to immediately facilitate visas for afghan journalists, especially women, and their families. such evacuation must be without any discrimination, especially any based on religion or ethnicity. embeddedurl
bircherism brain worms, cont.: "because, if our exceptions are religious, valuating [sic] them violates our right to exercise religion the way we understand it. that becomes a 'communistic control' for the benefits of a 'few' to prosecute 'the many'...." embeddedurl
wetfartingass and plus, how did my religion come into me making fun of the pirates because of how bad of a team they are. you can leave at anytime. hating on me because i believe in god. you’re the type of people that make this world a terrible places because you hate without even knowing me
make no mistake. female children are being raped as you blink- by the "taliban". money and/or religion are failures. afganistan abolition
lioninwinter44 a religion that treats woman like shit
tw33tk mqakhokhar hannan021 "harappa was hindu civilization" it is till date not sure which religion was followed there.
you cannot trust people that happily volunteer as a part of a twisted religion to take themselves out for a "cause"
_btcole cringezealot yourghostfrend religion and masonry and any other non-factual belief system are the ones making the claims. rational thinking demands some evidence. i have yet to see any (no one has), therefore the burden is on religion. i'm not selling anything or recruiting anyone....you all are.
we very much believe in god, like every twin. we are christians who want to write a book about religion, why its good based on a scientific perspective. we checked this a bit, we very much believe in marriage... we almost never took drug,.. i broke the law a bit, did small crimes
destiny_lif how religion destroys everything and humanity all around allows it
thomaskaine5 work at home, and study religion. there fixed it for .
layer 04: religion, frame 16495 / 17114 embeddedurl
afghanistan war is empowered by islam as taliban pray to allah 5 times a day and cut people's throat 100 times. is it the religion's fault to make 10 million bad muslims in 2 thousand yrs? yes it is! they'll never get out of hell! embeddedurl via opindia_com
worship and adore your new religion. since you are so weak for your god, why don't you start worship her goon don't think goon go weak goon no more resisting catfishkatek embeddedurl
we don't mind if you are atheist and hate hindu religion.but nobody has given you right to sell it off to other missionaries and try to divert the mindset of hindus in society.... antihindudainikbhaskar you are fraud !! embeddedurl
nkmalazai zarrarkhuhro wisdom does not stem from religion and what the cleric is stating, is truth based on common human ground. wish all of humanity could learn these basic tenets of life, the world would be a better place.
am i merely having visions of grandeur? i don’t think there are any other kind. we are in the game of religion, the business of religion, if you will, and we need to show up. lives are on the line. human well-being is on the line. the future of the planet is on the line.
religion_dom geedata_tania r_subrahmanian rajeshkumar_tt questing is ok. and let me assure you darling that you have nothing to fear from us hindus. :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes:don’t fall for the fear mongering tactics initiated by the likes of audrey!
“the free exercise of religion is vital because it insures citizens the rights of worship and action that are fundamental to their being.” firstamendment religiousfreedom oaksdallinh embeddedurl
thatsgoing swainforsenate how following the science became a religion. leaving nothing to science. embeddedurl
raag75 makrandparanspe make the whole world muslim? that doesn’t even make sense...but at least you are right in comparing the rss to these organizations. difference between muslim countries and india is, india is not a religion-based country.
kayasthaalwaysgeneral matlab koi bhi election yeh caste or religion ko beech mei laye bina kr hi nhi skte humble to myogiadityanath both that please take the obc tag from kayasth community back. we don't want you reservation, we have proud on our knowledge and pen embeddedurl
tysalihu amasonic don't let us start religion argument, but in my estate here, there are over 30 churches, a man that built a small mosque inside his compound was taken to court that worship centers isn't allowed, then i wonder what churches are?
daddyfrankd ambulentlight jaybefaunt marwilliamson lol actually no you have it backwards. institutionalized religion is a product of military imperialism binding the cultures under it's regional control into a monoculture that cultivates obedience to the imperial superstructure. grease for the war machine's gears, always has been
shame on you pakistan you came from arab and conquered our land and asked for a separate nation on basis of religion and teach us secularism acceptance and tolerance yess there is islamophobia embeddedurl
dirtsquirrel2 exactly. marxism is a fucking framework, not a religion
tshehlamathope vudzijenaj jesus was a jew which means he was a king of judea, samaritans are of the kingdom of israel so jesus cannot be king of israel hence his cross was written king of the jews of judea. to claim israel and undermine the religion of israel which is samaritan is not ayoba embeddedurl
people voted for this quack. they hide behind religion and are all bigots!!! embeddedurl
ay: "managing religion and race has always been the core constitutive function of colonialism/coloniality..." embeddedurl
planetofsnapes libsoftiktok because it's become almost a religion to them.
raysuareznews is there any situation or reason that mtg and her ilk would not approve of shooting someone? oh yeah, if the gun holder wasn't an approved race, religion, nationality, or political leaning, they wouldn't have the knee jerk approval, but using a gun might work in their favor
skepticalfa the reporter even allegedly said the outlet he works for (which is risky among such "interviewees") - just not his religion and nationality.
episode “fundamentalism has always been a war-time religion. the fear of losing power is at its heart. it holds onto culture longer than the rest of but adapts just enough to maintain control. the gospel is about freedom & truth, not control.” mattleelyon embeddedurl
rt decocobenn: itsmutai when i do good, i feel good, when i do bad i feel bad, that's my religion.
akhilchintu absolutely! they were representing our country not any caste or religion and haar jeet toh chalti hai.
layer 04: religion, frame 3670 / 17114 embeddedurl
titanicloveth1 unarguably the best telegram channel free thinker? love to discuss cutting-edge sides to life? religion and belief system? psychology? sex and sexuality? movie reviews?etc. so many real life topics and experiences to learn from. subscribe now :backhand_index_pointing_down_medium-dark_skin_tone: embeddedurl
ambarmra ladyofequality amitshahoffice smritiirani amitshah narendramodi myogiadityanath deepikabhardwaj theamitlakhani criticsunbiased iharidwartiwari atalahirwar naveen_mra gobindaparida12 gsborikar defundfeminist vijayde58778609 barandbench livelawindia dowrycakes kuleshwarn husbandindian satyan_weshi saundigvijay kapilsaxena_mra tejinderjitk roopenshu 5050equality chakdeputr jeetshishodia j_mensrights kirenrijiju mra_sunny ringabelltoday arnazhathiram ucc will make life of all men as hell irrespective of religion caste.. no relaxation for no one...
blithelaffs caitoz it is religion. cult, rather.
there's also all the usual fun stuff: football, school trips, reading clubs, computer clubs, etc. but the core feature that parents and teens should care about is: a supportive and nurturing salafi environment to better one's religion, and achieve academic excellence alongside.
stillgray peaceful religion according to obama.
spell check is like organized religion. it has caused as much harm as good.
zarahsultana since when prayers get any1 anywhere. forget religion its a capitalist divisive nonsense
washingtonpost .washingtonpost criminal and barbaric taliban rule perfidiously using religion! a diary of a young teenage girl from 20 years ago!!! embeddedurl afghanishtan trump biden usa taliban talibanterror afganistan
circic_ neimannism badcommie1 impaulrnelson misandryalex i mean to be fair many people use religious symbols but aren’t apart of the religion
tee_classiquem1 unarguably the best telegram channel free thinker? love to discuss cutting-edge sides to life? religion and belief system? psychology? sex and sexuality? movie reviews?etc. so many real life topics and experiences to learn from. subscribe now :backhand_index_pointing_down_medium-dark_skin_tone: embeddedurl
solarjones3000 tomtugendhat streakyblue1951 when the taliban take over nigeria we can also blame it on china that funded nigeria with loans afghan is the problem of afghanistan nigerian is the problem of nigeria it started the same way it started in afghanistan every religion has its hidden agenda.
rt hameedullahh1: no prophet, of any religion, has brought a teaching that promotes terrorism islamandpatriotism
tkhanesquire khald94513153 abdullaandalusi 1) jews are native to area called the middle east, although the vast majority have now been expelled from muslim countries. 2) arabs did not want the jews to have a homeland. which was about religion too. 3) pakistan never existed before it was carved from (british)india in 1947
davematt88 kind of hard to know who is alive or not, when the rules change for religion because humans are making up new rules from a god that they made up in the first place. i never pay attention to humans telling me what a god decrees - blasphemy & sacrilege in the extreme. just be nice
mojackmarine as a person who’s studied history, i’d like to point out that all men in power claim religion is on their side. while they’re murdering, raping and pillaging.
my new religion embeddedurl
askanshul ncpcr_ kanoongopriyank aalechutia.... trust me most diverse religion which will never stand for any body.... example vp
ilusioiniesta lucidfcb utdsh0la culerian reshadrahman_ u dumb shit. this has nothing to do with religion. i get it ur calling him a gold digger but why tf did u post the pic for.
genghischeng vocinsider true. i remember them assimilating. they actually wanted to be here & made every effort to integrate instead of attempting to foist their religion & culture upon their new home country.
looking forward to co-presenting "from lifestyle journalism to general news: field theory in the hard news turn of religion reporting" with gregperreault for the religion and media interest group at aejmc and continuing to advocate the significance of religion for comm studies
farhanacvg soniandtv walk on the streets and you will find religious identity everywhere. particularly, one religion wants to gel in but also wants to stand out with identifiable moustache & beard cut, skull cap, ankle length pants and most of all, being with their likes only.
anowlmt shinjithecuban yes i agree but the use of “consent” with regards to a child under the custody of responsible parents is a useless argument. lots of parents today still believe circumcision is healthy and don’t include culture and religion into the argument. we need to only argue that point.
not only islam but also no true religion, whatever its name, can sanction violence and bloodshed of innocent men, women and children in the name of god.’ (murder in the name of allah, pp.116, 119)(3/5) islamandpatriotism
interested in religion and education? come join us in-person at uniofnottingham on november 12th to discuss all areas of teaching religion, including primary, secondary, fe, and he. plus a keynote from dawnllewellyn! more info here embeddedurl bsasocrelsg uk_trs
abc radio news - greg sheridan thinks you can talk about a "religious" pm and religion has nothing to do with politics. why, then, does the federal lnp propose a religious discrimination bill? a government deciding what is and is not religious discrimination is politics?
now they are on the mercy of fascist taliban. these people have no morality or religion. everything is justified for them. its very hard to think about their future. their seems no hope that they would regard people with natural rights of freedom.may this darkness prevail no long
layer 04: religion, frame 16098 / 17114 embeddedurl
edspurgatory au contraire. these fine clerics are ensuring top posts in the forthcoming one world religion.
blindarchangel woolley_gamer bentom94388261 joemiller101 again you'd need to prove any of that. without proof it's just a neat story. believe nothing without proof breh. of course that's why religion invented faith.
jgatzme dis_is_slime this is interesting. to address black issues within the black community it has to be apart from faith/religion. this where issues will arise due to many being guided by their faith/religion.
peterjameshall_ bonganidumezulu somewhereinger8 i actually do :-) working on three projects: one to go single use plastic free on the island of corfu one to saveerimitis and one to teach people how to solve problems susing design thinking. discussion on religion and other systems does not exclude working to better the world
adi_exists magnifer01 sultan_alkhoori why do you insists on blaming the religion? you can hate islam all you want, it's not gonna change for you, sweetie. sorry i struck a nerve with your problematic family, hope you find something that gives you peace lol
layer 04: religion, frame 151 / 17114 embeddedurl
culturaltravelnews governmentaffairs hospitalityindustrynews india tourism going all out through film, sports, religion, staycations, workations: the cabinet minister of the government of uttarakhand, satpal maharaj, said today that the embeddedurl embeddedurl
malcolmnance mr. nance, who ever you "blocked" most probably deserved it. you didn't work in intel. for nothing. you're brilliant, and why msnbc goes to you for your opinion. while i have you - please tell me why trump jewish religion to race exec. order not been corrected. nazi based.
rt panelsandprose: the people who use their religion to justify not getting vaccinated make me want to scream until my breath runs out
correct me if im wrong but i had the same exact case study for my social study paper and apparently the reason why they censor is because indonesia is a muslim country(?) so to respect the religion, they censor outfits that are “revealing” embeddedurl
do the marvel writes know that kamala kahn is a muslim girl and the religion of islam prohibits the use of magic? and yet they decided that changing ms. marvel’s powers to make her stronger by being capable of using magic was a wise idea?
arabnews bhavikakapoor5 faisaljabbas sad. this is where we are headed in india too under bjp4india and rssorg. only the religion is different. beards remain the same.
ancient pakistan used to practice which religion moron diplomat i hope you know that much
hankstern2 wiguy45 mucusmucous a_damned_smith debbie25808035 avandra960 kester_lowers willsworldview velveteven zebub_b_l malo_j smug2bme babetruth2 pray2pesci johnkrahn2 charlottejass zalphaprime thomasdickensh1 hesanaughtyboy waragoodwarfare heathenwombat andrewrchapman quiptography 1pckt wolfpak561 godflythe offender_repeat ur_buddy777 wmmanry goatmunch wisemanryder oohglobbits5 fixedintime enby896 athiestica reid_co lueleison fullmetalja sdarkmore alliste35661241 candysmith74 splintersimba docsnoe th1rt3en_tm jackiebarbosa edwardwongy vincepopart sbuddie1877 freewillburnya a_draeros if you support laws limiting marriage & its benefits to "one man + one woman" as well as other theologically-based laws binding on all citizens, you are a militant christian theocrat. "militant atheists" defend freedom of religion for all by defending purely secular laws.
i failed all my a-levels. i spent a few years working admin jobs, then got onto livuni's ba egyptology off the back of an online course i'd done on ancient egyptian religion run by robert morkot. the path does not always follow a straight line. embeddedurl
i've gotten more strict about this, too. my time is precious. as a scientist, i didn't waste my time on anti-science scoffers. as a christian, i'm not going to throw it away on anti-religion scoffers, either. but i'm always here for anyone who wants genuine dialogue. embeddedurl
innocent people are being attacked in the name of hindu rashtra. now tell us who is committing terrorism in the name of religion. hindutvaterror indianmuslimsunderattack gundarajinmadhyapradesh embeddedurl
rayreynoldsnms i'm usually peeved about religion in general, but this afghanistan situation got me especially angry about it this week. just can't stand grown adults believing fairy tales anymore. and if someone dares to ask my my fucking zodiac sign i might outright spit on their face!
ofcarnivorehart "then again...." he exhales. "to be a true heathen i would have to submit to the laws of christianity wouldn't i? and since i'm older than christ, i think i'm technically grandfathered out of the whole religion thing."
avantika411 aamircraze that i want to know the reason usne esa kaha ki mere religion bich main aaraha hai just like i am kashmiri pandit nd meri baate koi sun nahi raha hai esa bol rahi thi ig ke long post pe
a college student today said "islam is indian religion",.. i appeal to all rw users, don't call it islam , "call it an arabic religion" so that the youngies may know that it is a foreign religion and it was forced upon our ancestors by arabic invaders and terrorists
checkmatestate similarly, or conversely, depending on how ya look at it, the baker shldve made the cake 4 the guys. who cares! i don’t think the gov’t shldve got in it. but i c y they did. also don’t agree w how scotus came 2 the decision. religion shld not be a guiding line to the government.
glasg0wguy2 clydessb i've got catholic pals that are rangers fans ... the fuck has religion for to do with anything ? fucking embarrassment of a guy
there is still room in religion courses for fall 2021! heroes, gods, and monsters (relg 3030/clas 3200) on m/w11, 12 and tu at 2pm; and mysticism, magic, and ritual in ancient china (relg 3040/hist 3532) on m/w at 11. email prof. mancia laurenmanciabrooklyn.cuny.edu for help! embeddedurl
bfriendmyles my amateur psychology tells me he was a geeky 'nigel no friends' kid and adult, unloved by his father and chose religion to try to please his father. he was probably bullied by his cop/preacher father ..similar to trump upbringing hence same traits. narcissistic bully. fake xtian
in today's episode of religion give me more embeddedurl
dny1818 lazyskyline peaceke47164423 kittysanrioo abierkhatib zeb_k6 you lock yourself in your cave like a hermit it is seen that ideology and religion influence you more than objective reality extremism is wrong no matter how much evidence i teach you, you are stubborn your beloved bible already said it when the jews lost 40 years in the desert..
godandchocolate i don’t know that love of religion- as he cited- or religious beliefs have to run counter to loving child. but i’d think listing them as primary reasons for having children is problematic. the primary reason for having a child isn’t a means to fulfill your religion.
there's nothing called hinduism. show me the word hinduism in any of the scriptures like vedas, ramayan, gita, yog vashishtha, mahabharat, garud puran, etc. the religion name is sanatan. people who used to live on the banks of indus river were called "hindus" . upgrade. embeddedurl
holyforchrist jjkbts14 3 out of 27 songs abt god anyways u should stop moving like a cult importing ur religion on others wierdos
janeu gang of media whenever some janeu commit a crime, motivated by cast & then derail justice using cast privileges, janeu gang in media protect them & shield identity when feku uses religion to get vote, they r happy 2 keep their head deep inside fekus a*s & amplify his fart embeddedurl
shamelessdhruvrathee shameless dhruv_rathee you insulted hazrat aurangzeb alamgir (r.a) who helped a hindu girl from banaras and gave her justice.also he alloted land for mandir(temple) construction.and he used to give justice to people irrespective of their religion
ani what abt other's religion festival?
newnationalph have they realized communism meant no religion at all
some guiding principles that form the building blocks of black women’s philanthropic activism include community building, leveraging access and equity, religion and faith, and sparking change within their various communities and beyond embeddedurl via npquarterly
ishkarnbhandari exactly, when caa was introduced, there were people who were cribbing over it shamelessly, now when the government is open to embrace anyone irrespective of the religion these nut cases are so silent! some people are just born shameless!
mshafiquk afneil the religion of peace, preaches hate.
in all the holy books - quran sharif, quran majid,etc. of islam religion almighty kavir dev is greeted by the name kabira', 'kabiran', 'khabira', 'khabiran'. god kabir only is allahu akbar. saintrampaljim must watch sadhna tv7:30pm godmorningthursday embeddedurl
rt itsanniekhan: taylor swift is my religion
sniperkitty_009 janecaro nothing in project agreement between fed gov't, states & territories that says chaplaincy is a religious program. except requirement for chaplain to be religious or endorsed by minister of religion. so it's non religious pastoral care only by a religious person. makes no sense.
did anyone saw any celebrity in india tweeting on reservations? they're posting +ve quotes, workouts, daughter's paintings & food pics! celebrities are narcissistic parasites too. reservation is needed but, only for below poverty line irrespective of caste-religion.
27:31 - be ye not arrogant against me but come to me in submission (to the true religion)." quran
imthedaddy ntraatma what if muslim openly changes his religion in sharia.... he will be declared apostate and killed....
i would love to see a company post this as its “diversity statement”: “we hire the best individuals available for each job. we don’t care about those people’s skin color or religion or sexual orientation. not in the least. we just do our best for our customers and shareholders.”
danahrose5 where is the application to sign up for this religion and church...?
ancient_view ammit was a demoness and goddess in ancient egyptian religion with the forequarters of a lion, the hindquarters of a hippopotamus, and the head of a crocodile embeddedurl
layer 04: religion, frame 4584 / 17114 embeddedurl
"younger voters appear to have been especially turned off by the politicization of religion. three decades ago, only 10 percent of americans aged 18 to 29 called themselves religiously unaffiliated; last year that had more than tripled to 36 percent." embeddedurl
gomnodiyor you are already part of holy religion. jesus is kind to you, he loves you.
johncollins_kp because how dare any other religion but white male dominated christians try to control a woman!
meshugeyner arijrar qudsn we are not talking tradition idiot its your religion you mentioning tradition proofs to me that you know your religion says so and you don’t wanna believe it even though its your book so why don’t read it ok ?
layer 04: religion, frame 6610 / 17114 embeddedurl
novacane, nike , pyramid, bad religion, pilot jones, forrest gump embeddedurl
- o for a thousand tongues to sing (in a steel band style) - embeddedurl itunes church sunday school god religion
8/12/21: "oregon school board bans black lives matter and gay pride flags from classrooms" good. and how about no more crt, anti-america, anti-patriotism, anti-religion political propaganda in our classrooms! this is america. it's ok to love our country. embeddedurl
in march 1940, the muslim league’s “pakistan” resolution called for the creation of “separate states” on basis of what? religion. yes, you heard it right. blackday indiawasdividedtoday blackday embeddedurl
amanchopra_ india should be hindu rashtra.muslim should be send back to pakistan,as country was devieded on religion.
proudindian1190 777_syed bdutt the tweet highlighted how libtards react to incidents diferently once they know the religion/caste...however low iqs can't comprehend (remember our magsaysay journo rubbish kumar- aapka jaat kya hai??)
has anyone watched save me kdrama it's about cult religion thingy is it worth watching
meerkat1600 janecaro teachers are not a disposable commodity. you can’t just cloak your bigotry in religion and expect teachers (and kids, and taxpayers) to just think that’s ok. some things are not ok in a modern civilised society. some beliefs and values are wrong.
we've been able to make religion and health a focus of our curriculum thanks to a generous grant from wabashteaches to mostatereligion. it's one way to be relevant to the growing number of health professions majors in msumchhs. embeddedurl embeddedurl
riturajjha8 thoo he liked only ur asim fans continuously trollingsid so he replied he replied not to do religion wat wrong u cheap disgusting lady podi po podi
freedomfromdrugs there is no description of drinking alcohol in the holy scriptures of any religion. then why are we behaving against religion ? sant rampal ji maharaj
why is there such a strong push to eliminate autism? why has it accelerated? because we are a threat to the theocratic and oligarchic orders they're trying to keep going. even our religious members are the ones questioning the religion we have.
crispinglover their soil wars- religion- god- different practices same god name- humans warring they are right others are wrong- it happens everywhere. embeddedurl
anything that related with religion shouldn't be a joke. embeddedurl
in all the holy books - quran sharif, quran majid,etc. of islam religion almighty kavir dev is greeted by the name kabira', 'kabiran', 'khabira', 'khabiran'. god kabir only is allahu akbar. saintrampaljim must watch sadhna tv7:30pm godmorningthursday embeddedurl
captainwa2 quran ko poster me dikhaya toh tumhari jamaat bolne lagi islam is not for entertainment. ab kyu oppose kar rhe ho idhar. islam the religion of terrorist
aninewsup is the fundamental right guaranteed by article 25-28 of the constitution of india (every citizen of india has a right to practice and promote their religion peacefully) excluded?
bradtakei “you shall love the lord your god with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your strength, and with all your mind; and your neighbour as yourself." seems like some people have forgotten their religion
layer 04: religion, frame 14463 / 17114 embeddedurl
rt moghilemear13: american_civil_religion.jpg embeddedurl
no religion teaches u wrong,, some people living in that religion do wrong,,it doesn't mean that any religion is wrong... every religion teaches only peace and humanity stay away from those who spread hatred in the name of religion
christlifeinc1 goodshepherd316 not only the name above all names can be blasphemed. blasphemy, as defined in some religions or religion based laws, is an insult that shows contempt, disrespect or lack of reverence concerning a deity, a sacred object or something considered inviolable; embeddedurl
christianity is not a religion or a philosophy, but a relationship and a lifestyle
sharif98716886 sharif, i hope all is well. we as the usa have not always made the right choices, but i live here. i am blessed beyond measure with freedom, liberty and the ability to pursue my dreams and live my religion. i love god, love my family and fellowman, and wish the very best for you
thezambologist heyheyadaibhi religion should be taught as a subject of investigation in schools and religion itself should be for home not school. fed up hearing excuses so time to scrap all faith schools and private schools.
ezekielmutua japhethkassanga infokfcb your office can promote morality in society. we can draw many parallels between religion and the moral fabric of society. such a courtesy call says it all.
angelmorgan0517 rotshasa alliancelgb philosophy. atheism is a belief, as are all religions. belief, not scientific fact. atheism is about...religion. embeddedurl
i was going to name my little boy mickey but everybody thinks about the mouse when you say that name. i was like get over it there's tony’s pizza, christian (religion), tianna ( and ) end of the day most names can make you think of something or someone
dynastyfrank religion is man’s answer to a problem that god already solved.
simples18790446 archtheatheist tiffany_stuff dajiiboso thedukeistheman ronaldj23809606 curious_jonn drfrankturek science has no value, no morality. it presupposes values and morality to function. religion defines morality and values by which all of life is built - big differnece.
inncentbystndr scoontv i like that phrase, "capitalism without failure is like religion without hell", may i use this?
wsj rape; torture of a large number of those arbitrarily detained; forced labor; and the imposition of draconian restrictions on freedom of religion or belief, freedom of expression, and freedom of movement. embeddedurl
the news channel and social media are fully filled with talibans news and their brutality.the muslim girls,women and men are crying and demand help.i am too shocked.but a hard fact haunted in my opinion that why afghanis who are aggrieved why not changed their religion for peace
darkmatter2525 joshualisec our non-religious model of morality and how the cosmos operates doesn't depend on how we've been treated by zealots. shitting on religion doesn't win over anyone.
ojeda4america urocklive1 where was rudies religion when he stuck his hand down his pants in front of a girl he presumed was a 15yo journalist?
where is speakerpelosi ? may she have a damascus road experience & find christ. practicing her religion is what has given us this mess. anti-christ at work within, but not for long. holiness cannot & will not continue to accept all the darkness of evil & crimes against humanity embeddedurl
rt cosmicpr4da: why are these pictures of gigi hadid carrying green smoothies my literal religion embeddedurl
lascapigliata8 stilltish i'm anti-religion anyway so hard for me to judge. i'm reluctant to crap on it given what they're trying to achieve but it certainly seems a bit off
pfalznovum richarddawkins no. science is not absolute. it is always developing it will never be complete it doesn't have all the answers and will never claim to. religion on the other hand...
hanafiathari the modern arab colture is not the same as that what our prophet (pboh) had. elevating those two in the same field is the sin here and not hating on arab new found love of money above the religion. not hating on the people, language nor the religion but there idol worship.
basspro2 king__spades socdoneleft that's a tad simplistic. actually practicing religion has a rather significant relationship with having beliefs formed by what that religion teaches.
sweaty_pancakey marvins58125209 jayfay75 robwynne therickwilson to each one their own. at least my religion teaches tolerance of other’s beliefs. good night!
ms_pisces_slay liquiddeath tonyhawk lilnasx lil nas x literally made satan shoes. tony hawk never brought religion in it..
catherine___c the problem with any religion is the extremes be it christian, islam, judaism,hindu.
shy_b_21 ffssjsa remember, it's a religion, an absurd cult of fairy tales, talking animals, "devils," "angels," "witches," blood sacrice, death worship, and a petty, jealous, genocidal god.
lexithefirstcos bukkitbrown yeah it's really complicated and honestly no reason to be complicated. no matter the reason for the of thing, it's still the fault of the misogynistic government and brainwashing "religion" making people hate swrs they wanna use cp as an excuse but we know the real reason
// gore , murder , religion , guns another practice comic with a plot ill never expand upon and completely made on the spot embeddedurl
all my religion lovers that stay saying this astrology shit is the devils works!!! embeddedurl
taliban &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; modi lw : beloved talibs did press conference within one day of taking over kabul. so unlike modi they are epitome of freedom of speech. hyper rw : since talibs have guts to implement their religion ruthlessly unlike modi, so talibs r better then modi.
anthonyzenkus “ keep you doped with religion and sex and tv. and you think you’re so clever and classless and free. but you’re still fucking peasants as far as i can see. a working class hero is something to be.“ – john lennon embeddedurl
katskindahere trapped in religion class but nowim free. hbu :]
leepfwd baldwinbiogas the more i'm back in this, the more i feel it's marketed as "belief". its like religion, an article of faith. asking questions means you are excommunicated and ignored.
and like ive always been in this religion and the way its been built up is so weird cause its like it has jewish and catholic attributes and most of the time those religions are from europe where white people are and we know how white people are
famousbl3 ours too. we’re not religious either but we def had a somewhat traditional ceremony. except, of course, for the rabbi going long. it’s the one thing in our the religion that doesn’t take that long. well, that and a briss.
dhsgov oversightdems stopspyingny whitehouse senatedems nsacyber usnavy fbi gopoversight cia deptvetaffairs ndalnews cagovernor housejudiciary ncscgov thedemocrats gop newyorkstateag civilrights usao_dc nasa nycmayorsoffice usarmy nycveterans potus intlcrimcourt secretservice secarmy unhumanrights spacex nypd19pct vp usao_edpa germanyun arcyber nsagov nyccouncil hispaniccaucus nypdct pfpaofficial catholicnewssvc statedept hrf hrw federalreserve it's like some intel or some groups are saying it's okay that the rivals for my race and religion torturing your religion and race aren't you tired of hearing that hasn't that been the problem all along
mandalay's mahar aung myay, mandalar university, multi religion, & industrial zone strikes launched a combined demonstration demanding the dictatorship's quick fall. uselessasean aug25coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
aafreen_raees 007qaqaali kashifhasan93 ashraffem shifa_tara rimsha_fari fayelashaza nikhatmomin3 amreenjmi_alig terrorism has only one religion which everyone knows. history is a proof. temples feed peoples gurudwaara help peoples masjid help terrorists to hide themselves i think that's enough for you to know about real terrorism
nova_maia stevemcrae_ ellierod8 so they are basically proud & boasting that they took advantage of religion for their own gain? specifically christianity? well, as a christian, i’d like to “ lay hands on her”.
justintrudeau chahalgeorge zakdesk north korea hates religion, especially christianity, and are detained just because they have the bible. christians executed in north korea.
inqdragon2 i think pandemic, climate change, lack of education, greed, religion, etc, is all included in the disinformation threat destroying our future.
bcatheist drfrankturek science is irrelevant to religion
the religion i invented —what if jesus was a spider— is developing some interesting ways. first off, everyone is mad at me;
but not only that, religion has an important and constructive role to play in fighting economic and social injustices, fostering social cohesion, and in creating a loving and peaceful world.
purplem93934266 freespirit963 vlal42 masks must be working, right??? it's funny how the religion of masking can't square with rising "cases". it doesn't matter how much evidence you produce that shows no difference between masking or not, to not mask is blasphemy.
drwitnesser drdisrespect nickmercs can't you just go away? you're truly a disgusting perversion of the christian religion
uscirf chair nadinemaenza: "it is deplorable that isis-k targeted us servicemembers trying to evacuate afghans, including those targeted by isis-k on the basis of their religion or belief. uscirf expresses its deepest sympathy for the victims." embeddedurl
as much as i like my name i fucking hate jihadists. without fail they always seem to be devoid of any human decency. they don't even have respect for basic tenets of their own religion.
passantiforcedconversionsbill belive in interfaith religion hormony.dosron ki betion ka khial keto,allah aap ki betion ka khial kere ga
malz59408224 when a colour starts representing a religion and starts being used for politics, it turns into hate.
janzkety sachinettiyil i think this is just her religion.
sidharth_shukla religion is never a factor to like or dislike someone sid. bb fandoms are formed across borders, no matter cast, creed, religion, race. these are all man made stuff. there is only one religion, that of humanity & only one motto, that of love. wish we could do better as humans.
subhanabdul17 sabsetezz1 maharashtra_hmo mumbaipolice dear subhan, i never mentioned any religion. i said all the people involved. in time of pandemic where people are affected medically & financially we should avoid display of such lavish luxury. when we improve ourselves people will speak good of us. dm ur nmbr. talk to u brother
kilishi_kween arewa, made a very poor excuse and response - its an insult to a proud & phenomenal religion. is arewa saying its a situation of the bridal shower not held in kano or a case of the violation of islamic religion? do they mean prophet mohammed can be insulted in or from abeokuta?
rt tausifrunning: when religion is his/her entire personality- red flag.
utdarhm_ some people don't care about morals but when it comes to religion they usually change.
humanity was doomed the second it invented religion embeddedurl
abduforthree bostongoat99 breaking911 the religion hasn’t gone through a major reformation since the quit lying to yourself embeddedurl
darkmatter2525 like i always say. "freedom of religion" is "freedom from religion" i'm free to choose not to believe. i'm also free from the opinion and thoughts such people try to hoist on my.
offensiveforjoy well hollywood's crap is all up in our head so everyone seems to to think that they are important and whatever they do needs recognition without question the only thing you can question is your culture,religion and integrity.
apannie7 stonemamma i'm at convent and stuart hall: teaching 6th and 8th religion in both schools. shifting back to middle school and back to a charism that formed me: the rscj goals and criteria: embeddedurl
adalatlive sf__67 terrorism has no religion.
catholic -&gt; agnostic -&gt; yinglist (we wuz hyperborean aliens and shit) -&gt; protestant -&gt; catholic (here we go again) -&gt; pagan vargist —&gt; religion is a necessary illusion so pick the one that makes you more stronger, noble and in harmony with nature ps: hyperborea is real tho embeddedurl
frenchpressplz literally!!! mormonism is just. colonization, the american religion. it’s so bad.
bharadwajspeaks ad. after destroy bd. before destroy. pakistan and that country mejority religion followers knows history like this..
archaeology breakthrough after ancient site 'shattered theory' of origin of religion embeddedurl
innocent people are being attacked in the name of hindu rashtra. now tell us who is committing terrorism in the name of religion. hindutvaterror indianmuslimsunderattack gundarajinmadhyapradesh embeddedurl
salman had once reportedly narrated an incident where he was asked on school as to which religion he belongs to,. to which his father had given a very apt reply salman was saying, " dad's pathan,mom's christian. in school asked me : dad said 'human''." 33yearsofsalmankhanera embeddedurl
4real_fefe fashion_nexus andyherren i’ve been watching big brother since season 10 or 11 and the common reason that i’ve seen for the black house guest or guests getting evicted, it’s because they talked nonstop about either religion or their families, which was annoying to other house guests.
aajtak perfect time to set example, if anyone try to exploit any women specially try to convert any women into their religion forcefully will not neglect to give death sentence
rt canoncrested: mo.... this thing is not religion. we don't have to follow blindly.
rumination on a religion can and will always hinder humanity's progress to eternity.
time to pretend i believe in god in front of my teachers lmao //i genuinely hate religion class :"d
it's not subjective because we can objectively prove religion is true: a) god exists embeddedurl b) miracles are real embeddedurl c) hadith are accurate embeddedurl d) the prophet was witnessed performing miracles embeddedurl embeddedurl embeddedurl
smitaprakash reason on no reservations to armed forces on the basis of caste & religion.
meghupdates all benefits should be given on economic criteria only nd to the physically nd mentally challenged,we should totally do away with religion nd caste based appeasement.
sa mga taong hindi gustong mag pa vaccine because sa kanilang religion and faith, i have nothing against it because it's your decision & i respect that. masasabi ko lang "may you have a strong, promising & good faith that can protect you from covid-19" no hate just love & pray
saintwalker98 well, we know who the pope of the technocrat corporate religion of the future will be, or at least a future cardinal...
jamierightly religion of peace though
i am islamophobe because i criticise terror!sm. it is fact that izlam is a religion of terror!sm. deal with it !!
pontifex praying to gods do not really do anything to remedy the situation. it's just like saying i want the best for you but i do not want to exert any effort on my part. religion has caused countless wars for imaginary beings that cannot be proven to exist. gods can't talk
"my religion is based on truth and non-violence. truth is my god. non-violence is the means of realizing him." mahatma gandhi embeddedurl
paradoxofbelief oh this is amazing, thank you for sharing. bonus points for the connection between my two favorite topics, religion and cld!!
modidevotebjp narendramodi hi brother do you have any short time memory loss. wake up don't put india's future into dark. if there is a rule comes that no religion will be in india, there will be no politicians do polictics. wakeupindia
biedexmarkets us politicians need to take note of what can go wrong when religion is used as a weapon. especially when some "religious" leaders are glorified opium peddlers or business scammers, or both.
have science and religion been fundamentally at war throughout history? while a popular view, few historians believe so. historian peter harrison (uqpharri) looks at the complexity of science-religion interactions embeddedurl …
funnydanky are you stupid? satanism is definitely a real religion lmao. it’s not just about worshiping satan
kiwialliance foxylustygrover the warped religion in this case is the corporate determined and financed neo-liberal agenda the lnp govt is following. but add in pentecostalism to the mix and the situation defies rational analysis.
_cingraham “plenty of assholes using religion as an excuse” that says it all
kat24xi1 theflowernurse all religions have folded in front of the religion of vaxine. instead of god, they believe in the healing power of vaxines.
rt robpatnsvn: dianna agron as milf is my religion embeddedurl
trillianewbell patience and love, yes. but we must not grow weary in well doing. we must fight. christianity is a fighting religion, says c.s. lewis, and we need christ’s strength to endure to the end.
erogers8877 yup, science beats religion every time. embeddedurl
govrondesantis cameron is not of my religion or my nationality! but what is happening to him is unfair! and we learned, “a person who is silent about the truth is a mute devil”!
davidfrawleyved why isnt a religion that designates universality and oneness not universally understood accepted or coded?
“religion that is pure and undefiled before god and the father is this: to care for orphans and widows in their affliction and to keep oneself unstained by the world.” these words from st james were perfect for the last sunday mass before our oldest begins college. embeddedurl
check out this listing i just added to my poshmark closet: true religion joey flare bell bottoms boho jeans. embeddedurl shopmycloset poshmarkapp
my gov. has only 1 religion- india first. my gov. has only 1 holy book-our constitution. and i see only 1 flag - our tricolour. narendramodi indiaat75 independenceday 15august
franklin_graham mdmteddibiase religion is the root of all evil in the world. you’re human filth.
ratstrydom investigate the pastafarian religion. loads of fun
hope for them also? probably no hope in religion but great hope in the god of science and technology, the god of impartiality!! there is great hope here!! remember, the god of impartiality has always been around for ever. he is the "modern" god!!
you do not know him. his religion is none of your business. learn your place as a fan and stfu embeddedurl
michellmybell1 michaelsteidel patricktheb bitcoinbabbi mucusmucous tarquinrees johnkrahn2 pg13scottwatson ah_science leanneaf takethatdarwin umfpt danieljnickolas scientiapercept godflythe sharktooth787 tklforgiven heathenwombat jatapps deanomartino1 nadsshoes atheist_1978 wpcguy thedukeistheman thecoapodcast 2020wanderlust protoatheist annodraco22 zachsmind malo_j matlar007 bumpus_lumpus naughtmai anticommy4ever p3driver haircutspock nelsonmkerr megavolt1 patriot_1776us impeachqueen elizabe34873526 anthonyt2_mufc deanphanley peterfi98279139 thewestonmike imkimaaron jools6691 thechosenonealm bubblegumpopit tanya_terrell1 i think party of the problem is the self-righteousness instilled in them by the faith blinds them to the hatred they are perpetuating. this is why i blame the religion, not the religious.
the language, the aesthetics and community, if attacked or gotten rid of feels like an unraveling of that system of meaning with the interlocking element which could be described as being to the believer like a new religion.
the taliban take-over should never be utilized as means to fuel islamophobia. including to the scope of taliban victims are innocent afghan moslems who dare to contest the current regime. moslems are not the enemies, it is people who use religion to justify abuse and control!
anantrambachan if you have any morality and and ethics, say that you cannot argue that a reliogion is peaceful and when they resorted to bomb blasts, suicide bombs, holocuast of armenians etc.,and no condemnation by the religion, and it's written in the religious books..
xiaorinrin00 he is also from another religion then my own, but we respect each other when it comes to customs, celebrations, and festivals ect.
entire chapters of ask jeeves reciting some mythological tale and the protag going "yes... binary... gender binary... 0s and 1s... was religion the first virus... what did skull face know..."
jess_asli of course they do. only religion tries to say animals are nothing but products for us to use as we please. the truth is all animals have emotions. just watch them interact with each other.
check out this listing i just added to my poshmark closet: true religion sexy jeans. 28” waist 34” inseam. embeddedurl shopmycloset poshmarkapp
god never intended for us to have a religion, he intended for us to have a relationship with him. big difference.
ravecozenshardy chrissiegrech thinks he is. in reality they are all just using religion.
chormaic you wouldn’t believe me if i told you - a prison break, hiding in mumbai, getting mixed up with organized crime, philosophy, religion, friendship, love, betrayal. the dust jacket will fill you.
splurgehepzibah citizen626 jessekellydc well there are two sides to everything, and for all those issues the ones against it were conservatives, of which gay marriage is still highly opposed due to religion but yes i'm glad you agree being conservative is a mistake
toshitusharind our religion is too strong to fall down to chuslam
imillerand1 todus24 larrysabato truefactsstated bastagal uva you people are pathetic, you spend your days on twitter spewing invectives at “right wingers” and yet the 3 largest unvaccinated groups are african americans, hispanics and the young. find a better religion. you aren’t standing up to bull connor, you are just an asshole.
kalpeshravals only to deprived from getting seats in important institutions,you are upper cast.for other things all are equal. after around 74 years of independence, indians are still not free from cast,creed and religion. still discrimination.
postsubman under this thread we will see those who will remember everything that is wrong on earth & how that jet money could had been used to solve them. they will soon tell you how the jet is unnecessary,you know christianity is the religion attributed to poverty. private jet is now a sin
rt swiftmoonchild: this 1 second video is my new religion embeddedurl
limeloser1 lemme join i back this religion 100%
thehill her fear of rape on 01/06 is a sign of a mental illness. that is saying that everyone that entered the capitol of every race, gender, political party, religion was a rapist. was any rapes reported at the capitol that day ? she wants center stage...
bc i don't associate them toguether u are the one who made it about religion embeddedurl
we must not see that the bangle seller was accused of sexual abuse by a girl. only thing visible is that he was from a particular religion. when sadhus were killed in palghar, it was fine, why? embeddedurl
nbcnews just plain stupid. no religion bans mask. just a protests. before covid when you get surgery people were wask or cancer treatment mask. sick of the idiots
rt sinkshowernstuf: swagger lance is my religion embeddedurl
society of india consist of every religion so mind your language before saying anything to society the hindus sikhs muslims and christians all sentiments are attached to it! embeddedurl
keytarcatholic there is not a religious exemption per se ("my religion forbids me to eat pork"), but the church is very clear, for example, in the 2005 cdf-approved pontifical academy for life document about vaccines, that "coercion of conscience" is immoral...
i've always wondered what the incentive is for christian fundies to live a good, moral life, when their religion says all they need for guaranteed salvation is a few minutes to walk up to a preacher at the end of church and declare they have a "personal relationship" with jesus?
sugaarrbaby i just said this, men who change their religion just to sleep with you
be aware that religion and these standards can make someone really weird really fast. its why we need the pronouncements.because our view of ourselves is very deceptive and we are always overly trusting of people who have answers. religious people are the meanest. the weird ones
rt brophil2000: viganò exposes new world religion of global *health* salvation and new s... embeddedurl via youtube
takethattoxins 1. i really really really want it to be true. 2. so do heather and shannon. 3. that’s also literally how religion works.
viernesdepunkrock "the world is scratching at my door. my morning paper's got the scores of human interest stories.and the obituary..." bad religion. embeddedurl
religion and politics embeddedurl
"gazettengr: buhari genuinely cares for all nigerians irrespective of tribe, religion: tinubu group embeddedurl embeddedurl
notcyeonjun some ppl saying "they're mocking my religion"...... they're literally saying peace be upon you. why r u mad
seeing the blfc discourse- religion is a choice, if you choose to not get the vaccine as a “religious exception” then you’re choosing to not be allowed in public spaces for safety purposes. you’re free to do what you like but you’re not going to put other people ask risk with-
wolfiethewolf36 eproxahmed it's wrong. soda's religion says not to support the lgbt religion, but she is not homophobic and is happy to have non-straight friends.
bleedgreen777 this is the most basic, first concept of being muslim. the fact that ur excusing it shows u put party before faith. next time dont bring religion into a battle u'll lose.
1. our vaccine rollout is already terrible. vaccines are a public health resource, they shouldn't be provided by religious bodies catering to specific religious groups. 2. it's literally healthcare discrimination. 3. the virus doesn't care about your religion. embeddedurl
“a society that does not respect belief and religion is in real danger. that’s when “laïcité (secularism)” becomes spiteful.” france embeddedurl
another day, another case of love jihad. irfan pretends to be rohan and pressurises the victim to change religion after marriage. embeddedurl
sshhh!.terror has no religion! atleast taliban did press conference! and after blast at kabul airport i'm surprised to see still no slogans from leftists with tears in eyes, "taliban hum sharminda hai,tume bharat mai blast karne ko mana hai" afghanistan kabulairportblast
mnageswarraoips ak5985965 narendramodi can you please tell us a little of subalternism as taught in social studies. i think the bjp may be implementing the same in pursuit of 51% votes, no matter what the religion.
potentiaetactus yes. my old tutor once said to me, “if your religion comes down to haberdashery, simon, you are going to need to re-think it.” haberdashery is good, of course; but he was spot on, as usual. (naturally this doesn’t alter the central truth of our faith: no maniple, no mass. )
no matter your belief, no matter your religion. sidneymansueto8 is an amazing addition to your life and twitter feed. in the time following her, i have found myself looking forward to her positive words to get motivated and over all her good vibes. please show her some love
ngaruthi extremism is second to nature in organized religion
human rights are rights inherent to all human beings, regardless of race, sex, nationality, ethnicity, language, religion, or any other status. human rights include the right to life and liberty, freedom from slavery and torture, freedom of opinion and expression,
this is the law with numerous names taught by religion and science alike. you reap what you sow, cause & effect. in 3 generations what will humanity look like? how will we work & live? the decisions we continue to make will detemine our grandchildrens future embeddedurl
jim_pembroke no religion for our whole household.
morrison does religion and politics — but you might not know where one stops and the other begins via crikey_news embeddedurl
kya_yadav_ji flyingbeast320 google pe search kar; religion of terrorism (answer mil jayega) fir yeh bolenge don’t trust google
i think it's necessary to know your place as a fan and not discuss or even think about your favorite artist religion or beliefs. religion is a sensitive topic and im sure he wouldn't want people to discuss it on twitter. atheist or not that shouldn't bother you. embeddedurl
nature is my religion embeddedurl
girlsalliance michelleobama jack if the enemies of hussain (pbuh) claimed to be muslim, why did they shoot arrows at the body of their prophet's grandson and his companions while performing the prayer, which is the order of the religion of islam, and prevent them from praying? hussain manif21aout
petersweden7 for religion, i guess there will be an exception...
queer feminist conference rightwing discourses & policies; transnational perspectives on homophobia & antifeminism(s); digitalspaces; practices of reaction, resilience & resistance; & the role of religion i'll chair panel 4 browncmes register: embeddedurl embeddedurl
maor_22b dedanadun lixac19 nicetrytwitte kzw66 espnfc there are also christians living in palestine who were expelled from their homes. this isn’t a religious this has nothing to do with religion. it’s just a human right issue
flotisserie we literally had a religion prof do a talk at our church about athletic groups (crossfit, soulcycle/peloton, pure barre) as “new religious communities.”
ewine van dishoeck after pontifical appointment: ‘science and religion can coexist’ embeddedurl iese_iwil iwfglobal
so after 14 months or so of talking about politics we thought we'd keep it safe and add religion into the mix. diolch to tdavieslewis and alededwardscym for talking to us this evening about the church in wales, and the role of faith in welsh society.
why this trend? it's because religion used to be the primary glue that kept a societies together. but as states improve governance, secular institutions become the glue, and religions become less relevant, pushed to more a 'spiritual' role.
angellicaribam how disgracefully low has our humanity fallen that we, in india, hv infested ourselves so radically sick to identify our fellow humans by their religion or caste. pity on you, you religious fanatics
new religion: idris elba saying “la gatita amable” in a british accent
hillckhill zthepatriot jonathansimon14 i have written this earlier, that the founding fathers have become the prophets of american civic religion.
sagarikaghose when religion tries to destroy other religion and society; we need leader to do right with wrong doers..they have already decided to divide world by religion..librandus like you will only understand when they will put their religious thoughts on your throat and choke it..haha
rt ilysouel: i don't like thinking about religion or politics
brumrosie asboteacher js_ascher tabitasurge leaving the m25 is against my cult, i mean religion.
ani like terrorism now crime will not have any religion.
cathwatson221b i-kuan tao is a new religious movement developed in the 20th century which is rooted in some elements of the chinese folk religion
quinn007_harley woopswoah when you have to strip down the meanings of words like "god", "worship", and "religion" to the point that they mean "basically anything", you've lost. save yourself the embarrassment and quit this job.
shut up!!!!!! keeeeeeeen omg!!!!! i’m- he’s my new aesthetic, personality, mood and religion! sb19 bitz concert sb19official sb19backinthezone embeddedurl
firstladyship remember the 1st coup in nigeria? yea, it was meant to be a revolution n some people later termed it igbo coup. nig can never have a revolution as long as the 'ethnic & religion card' is still in the pack, it won't happen. any way, we like suffering in nig
one lesson the world specially us can learn from afghanistan is this: promoting and aiding fundamentalist ideologies (irrespective of religion) for short term political gains ultimately have far reaching detrimental effects on peace n wellbeing of any society. is india listening?
2. i am a jesus follower, and although i don’t like to refer to it as a religion but rather a relationship, my faith shapes the way i see the world and circumstances because it gives me a bigger perspective. utcommtheory
tbephraim abrahacali what is so pathetic, rather than investing in peace and education,. government, & the rich, choose to keep war & death on the table. sad, centuries go on and nothing changes. rich suppress the poor. politics solve nothing. religion, helps the death count. no justice. no peace.
im sorry idc how much i like you but if you’re ever going to talk bad about my religion i can not look at you the same.
this summer i've been wearing what i want and feel comfortable in, distancing myself from the rules i grew up with in my religion. in showing more of my body, i'm growing more confident in it. almost as if in teaching young girls to cover their bodies they become ashamed of them. embeddedurl
havocchaos3 religion is the biggest scam
anjali sharma not only changed her religion but also changed her gender and grew a goat beard :backhand_index_pointing_right_medium-light_skin_tone:this is how these turds set up ‘fake brahman’ profiles to attack other hindu castes to create hate & use terms like maulana modi, 303 govt, etc so hindus again fall into congress trap embeddedurl
"the west won the world not by the superiority of its ideas or values or religion, but rather by its superiority in applying organized violence. westerners often forget this fact; non-westerners never do." samuel p. huntington
bbcbreaking which religion does this terrorist belong.
newgamerocks thakurvvivek askanshul hitler didn't have jews in army...this single statement your ignorance of history..there were thousands of jews soldier in hitler army along with many general..guru arjun dev was roasted for his religion..as was other guru in later mugal rule..as for rajput being top comandar
this is: my religion embeddedurl
mandalay's mahar aung myay, mandalar university, multi religion, & industrial zone strikes launched a combined demonstration demanding the dictatorship's quick fall. uselessasean aug25coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
franciejones … and i still can’t fathom the connections in an opus dei brain that is so agin the short-sharp-suppress-to-manageable levels. can’t just be property mates, surely. gotta be a religion dimension. colour me puzzled.
emergencybk rebeccamillar83 hell no religion was and is used to keep peps in line doing what the lords and masters want no respect no mercy its all part of the patriarchy crush that we all win, ps the flying spaghetti monster is coming for non believers
drsarvapriya well, they are tasting their own medicine don't worry their religion will give them the right place. we should be worried about our own taliban
aloor_shanavas he is a product of mayiladuthurai dharmai adheenam, well versed in english he read world religions and always tried to explain the gods across religion ia one and all. despite of his political instability one of the same voice amidst fraud corporate gurus. rip madurai adheenam
international day for victims of violence based on religion and beliefs victims caste religion belief embeddedurl
vivekagnihotri dharma is way of positive living and thinking in harmony with the cosmos. religion is set of beleive and value system given by an individual or a group.
gruler aroucho good question. just as remaining unvaccinated is a personal choice, so is the decision of businesses & individuals to exclude the unvaccinated from their businesses & contact circles. not much different than religion or politics.
2great2fail lilnasx religion left tony alone.
which religion would you most prefer to be true?
vaporwavnashira witcherwildhunt patrickstrud some more than others... but is radical islam actually a religion ?
the way l. ron hubbard was quite honestly a genius, turning his real estate empire into a religion to evade taxes.. waiting to be shunned for tweeting this
religion has no place in healthcare. embeddedurl
gajelanraja this is pure retrogression kan. i respect the value of the religion and the culture. but censoring like this is funny and those comments .
zoo_bear had to literally see this video twice to be able to believe how could even someone, anyways a new india, great going! feels like will have to get used to hatred and discrimination on religion
aalzubayr ace_runner1st malangkhostay do you not see some comparison with people like bin laden, zawahiri etc and hitler. these muslims believed they were defending defending their religion. hitler believed he was defending the german people. probably both started out with good intentions then went wrong somewhere.
ranvijaylive very true..and equally sad when religion and caste is brought in to dilute a sportsperson's achievements... when all of us will grow up..????
"religion is what you do with your solitude." - william temple. i.e. the things we daydream about most readily and instinctively when nothing else is occupying our thoughts reveal what we live for and serve.
selgowiros thomasjflannery salvation, contrition, divine punishment, prayer, redemption. these virtues are found in every model of polytheism i've encountered and are substantiated in the historical record. christianity is a relatively new religion compared to near eastern and african polytheisms.
sunilssihag thebombaybombil and my sliding between ideologies was not based on religion but on his influence of political parties.. there has been a lot of misunderstanding and misinterpretation of my tweet .. i might have not addressed it properly.
his hair is my religion embeddedurl
ksinamdar although i am of view that cricket must die in india or just remain sport rather than becoming a religion. this "cricket is my religion" shit must be thrown now.
1chicagohopeful jasondogwood pretty sure the environmental issue you're wondering about is fundamentalist religion.
mandalay's mahar aung myay, mandalar university, multi religion, & industrial zone strikes launched a combined demonstration demanding the dictatorship's quick fall. uselessasean aug25coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
farhanalijamali sikanzardari dear in sindh main mitho had damaged many families on the name of god. but i understand god never wants like this. he is forcefully converting religion.
let’s get this absolutely crystal clear. noahsarmy has never & will never be about religion. colours do not come into our agenda. getting justice for an innocent, loving, trusting 14 yr boy is all we are about.noah is all we are about. now read that again if you are unsure
anybody that tells me religion isn’t entrenched in the politics of man and vice versa …can’t tell me anything at all lol
no muslim can deny imam hussain (a.s) gracious sacrifice in karbala. when islam needed a savior, son of ali (r.a) stepped up & offered 72 lives of his kin to save the religion till eternity. karbala made hussain (a.s) an example for muslims & the rest of the world to follow embeddedurl
layer 04: religion, frame 332 / 17114 embeddedurl
"i know what i want, i have a goal, an opinion, i have a religion and love. let me be myself and then i am satisfied. i know that i’m a woman, a woman with inward strength and plenty of courage." ~anne frank, the diary of a young girl renewannewithane embeddedurl
narendramodi but why was partition done on basis of religion..
1st work of pan: unknown religion is available on withfnd the awakening the world is awakening. the bacchae watch white noise. they wait for their god. pan is coming... embeddedurl embeddedurl
espnmma teamkhabib it's only business?? look at this dude, attacked the bus and injured 3 fighters and he said its just a business, insulting someone family, country and religion, and he thought it was just a business, what would you do if you were in khabib's position, would you just let it go??? embeddedurl
g_i_am troseh2 usatodayopinion dandarling you don't understand the quote carlin did or the scripture. there's to many sects to make that broad statement. examples you use aren't the faith. how come we are always prosecuted and the only religion you can mock with pure bs? try say the same about muslim, scientology or jews
sushai5 gingergano organized christian religion will die with the baby boomers.
and here's me and future thexylom contributor madeline canmann at the world-famous millennium park! we had a great conversation on science communication, empathy, and religion. thanks for showing me around chicago! embeddedurl embeddedurl
albjokes1 kid_tommythe kosovanfooty_en kosovareasllani that’s not true tho since there are no catholic serbs eaither way i’m not talking about religion but about the “kosovo-albanian” name people love giving mother theresa even tho there are no catholics with roots from kosovo
melonhead999 quite. ayaan hirsi ali "on the 'dangers' posed to the west not just by radical, but by regular islam; on the 'backward' nature of the religion; on how 'terrible' the qur'an is". ayaan wato afghanistan afghanwomen taliban embeddedurl
aldridgehenry onestrikeaway bigbsnaggy45 kylamb8 god, aside, show me that masks work (science, not opinion and youtube 'experiments') and i'll consider it. science is really the issue, not religion. a person believes in god because of faith. a mask, though? needs science, friend.
tomcruise i think it's appalling that you follow a psychotic science fiction writer who once said "want to get rich, start a religion" then proceed to insult judge and forget respect and manners to demand people behave like you or they are wrong. appalling.
craig09595975 magz_wilson crazycath62 humzayousaf if i was you should be embarrassed as you have resorted to trying to upset me by using "paddy" i'm just holding up a mirror to your bigoted oo. not the church of scotland nor the protestant faith. but the bigoted oo. which is a members club not a religion.
rt menschohnemusil: brazilian religion, 1927, tarsila do amaral. embeddedurl
lennydykstra unilever sells ice cream in iran despite regimes' abysmal human rights violations.yet,boycotts israel,a diverse society with freedom of speech,religion& press & equal protection under law;unlike in areas controlled by hamas & pa. defeat bds embeddedurl embeddedurl
caranthirs i think in the case of religion becoming culture or becoming custom without necessarily demanding faith, it’s helpful to differentiate culture and heritage religion from faith as a question of belief or lack thereof
echolovemail also according to god statistics only a 50percent of people are going to heaven :up!_button:. so if u end up enjoying this god, consider praying it’s free and u canalways sin later enjoy the religion —-
jonahgongo ntvuganda did he now? his statement has nothing like religion.
stellabuz unarguably the best telegram channel free thinker? love to discuss cutting-edge sides to life? religion and belief system? psychology? sex and sexuality? movie reviews?etc. so many real life topics and experiences to learn from. subscribe now :backhand_index_pointing_down_medium-dark_skin_tone: embeddedurl
ethereal_ilo traditional is not religion is not spiritual embeddedurl
m_keenum they are building a religion.
persianhydra chaudry9212 yadhaidari lnajafizada no man, i used to read that every religion is good. maybe just the person who takes the lesson in a different way.
nation, religion, monarchs respect and worship faith above all embeddedurl
a religion touted as the religion of peace is gradually showing its true colors. religion of hypocrites is what it should be called hisbah sharia north yusuf buhari embeddedurl
mich_adn lyneela13 religion tbadnboycottmzetxapt169
rt chetdb: toiplus cartoonistsan footnote is same as terrorism has no religion.
my religious journey: born atheist/agnostic-&gt; raised agnostic-&gt; constantly annoyed by religion (mostly catholic)-&gt; studied history of regions (more annoyed/angry)-&gt; accepted the label atheist-&gt; discovered blasphemy is embeddedurl
after seeing yet another vid of the eton mess insulting a religion, this is the right post to stop me ranting. phew. embeddedurl
i can see some foolish handles are praying for an afghanistan here in nigeria. please, don't let your hatred for a particular person/tribe/location/religion cloud your sanity to the point of wishing nonsense/calamity to yourself.
2)klein also recognizes the severity of current issues and offers solutions. harris is selling oming apps after lunching religion. harris irritates like bill maher. they are rich liberals diverting focus from critical issues by making verbal sport of the left.
peaceful religion ndtv: taliban forcing afghan women to marry terrorists: report. embeddedurl
pontifex_it pope satan is a false prophet the pope, who calls himself a prophet, is a pinocchio who cannot even predict his illness. abduction religion catholic! return my child to the japanese embeddedurl
juliet0612 liz_wheeler georgetakei this is why nobody trusts the religion of “science” anymore. people like this claim to be the moral superiors.
i agree with khabib, not you. khabib chase mcgregor outside of the ring when the match is over because he insulted his dad and his religion. some people really deserve a smack on their face for being rude. embeddedurl
robbysoave except it not a parallel universe. its just what most progressives believe because this is their religion now
why the state and religion should not be at all entwined. embeddedurl
100yrs ago this sunday that football was a religion in kerry highlighted when the gospel spread to annascaul thanks to 'zealous & popular' administrator fr thomas lyne [later president of kerry gaa] who promised 'some of the best football tussles ever witnessed'. embeddedurl
simon_ekpa they are already here ,the oil rich middle eastern sponsors, who sponsored the taliban are sponsoring religious extremists militants for the colonization of africa using religion as the brainwashing tool
dude like every religion has a fish god leave them alone it doesn't mean shit haaah
we can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection. — dalai lama xiv
stayright1776 tapeyourwebcam you see, ladies and gentlemen? this is what religion does to people. your mind has been twisted and you've lost all sense of reason. you're a shell of a person, hollow inside and offensively gullible to top it off. congratulations for being a shit.
jackmetcalfe6 zechwithane jordanbpeterson well, or it is you who may be in trouble. do you think god wants us to be honest. do you think god is just? tell me, what did you do to deserve to be born in the correct religion? that poor hindu has to defy years of indoctrination & figure out which of the religions is correct.
though i've let go of religion, nothing bears the soul like black gospel. just pouring out all your pains and sorrows. my children will experience this part of black culture and make their decision on religion when they feel like it embeddedurl
oklahomalefty that's a big difference. but then bad religion's "stranger than fiction" could be viewed as a pop punk album. i guess. sort of?
republicanjesus republicans think they can use religion to blind people while they do corruption lmao.
stop_trump20 human's invention of gods and religion
in as much as we want to talk, our thoughts are shared in tears love suppresses our feelings, money influences our dealings, religion slams our appealings and we are bribed to ignore what we are seeking neither of us can squawk because we live in captivity and fears embeddedurl
keralabench indsupremecourt india is not independent out of religious evils it is high time for a unified civil code for all religion based on democratic majority rule of religion and assets. kerala church issue is worse like isil??
nbcnews what religion bans masks? a made-up one. move along kids — you get to homeschool with your lovely parents. have fun.
godmorningwednesday there is no description of drinking alcohol in the holy scriptures of any religion. then why are we behaving against religion? sant rampal ji maharaj embeddedurl
mzah024 santheepnair iraghav7 gauravcsawant rss doesn't blow off the world ...in the name of religion.
a mammoth, striking and powerful dispensationalist banner mapporn cartography maps oldmaps raremaps banner bible clarencelarkin dispensationalism folkart fundamentalism religion textile theology embeddedurl
a steep & dangerous rise in hate crimes,in the last 7 yrs,makes it imperative to remind ourselves the provisions of article15 & article25 that treats every indian citizen with quality under law & accords freedom to choose,profess,practice & propagate a religion of our choice! embeddedurl
alfa_5_2_omega 427haris disclosetv if you are doing a deep study then do a study on jews religion to understand reality. also in the jews religion, it is written to kill men, women, children, and donkeys of other nations. they allow doing sex with daughter in law. so that punishment was according to their religion
inandnidalal conscienceisimp nightma07069982 mechamit4 dhaneshagarwal_ aranganathan72 _sayema maybe it made sense centuries ago. as humans evolve, religion also needs to evolve. is this possible with the quran? such a though is blasphemous is not it?
realkaylajames denouncing religion in front of my church during confirmation in private catholic school when i was 12.
vesuviusfloof15 religion = chaos xd. someone at android must be atheist
layer 04: religion, frame 887 / 17114 embeddedurl
oomfies are clowning about religion and they're all missing the point as per usual, sad!
doug_2103 mahyartousi a religion doesn't determine how a government can be taken over by extremists
aquaruby yungblud my new religion
4yrstoday astrocat9000 nope, suicide is against my religion plus, i'm prob on some "list" involving flying
usmc hibab/niquab should fall nationwide in sorrow. those who carry it practice their religion: same coran/god/beliefs as isis/daesch/taliban/djihad/bokoharam a muslim must obey them, it's in their beliefs. never drop your 2nd amendment. homeland territory will be at risk
maneesh312 that's a real tangible thing! religion is not!
savvyrinu the manipulation and negative effects of religion to the growth of a nation is clearly defined in this country of ours.
how absolutely disgusting. respect people regardless of religion, they are human too and it’s the least anyone can do. this person doesn’t deserve my respect. embeddedurl
sparjaga sanghiprince tamil culture nu perusa pesuranga. is this our culture. wearing black colour and western outfits and getting married. hate self-respect marriages. it's out of our culture. leave the religion... ithuku protestant christian ponuga saree katitu kalayathuku poravanga evolo mel....
baal is my religion embeddedurl
and i walked into lake erie its brown waves up to my neck a child baptized into the religion of men and the damage we do." from ways to beg by egregiousteej embeddedurl embeddedurl
vinush_kumar timesnow education system. so is it mean to follow that. i know islam religion because of mughal who also beheaded indian people, differentiate as kafir, looted money , worsened indian women life by their narrow mindset. so is it mean to follow that.
for 300 days, attacks by ethiopian & eritrean forces, have destroyed buildings dedicated to religion, education, charitable causes, culture, history & hospitals. bmz_bund regsprecher auswaertigesamt heikomaas don’t look away! 300daysoftigraygenocide embeddedurl
without the bible the quran would not exist. knowyourhistory. islam is not your religion so called black, hispanic and native american. embeddedurl
check out this listing i just added to my poshmark closet: true religion billy jeans. embeddedurl shopmycloset poshmarkapp
udaychopra it is wrong to say there is 4000+ religion each individual has his own belief & faith
hilarious how woke leftists claim christianity makes you privileged on the intersectionality even tho christians are the most persecuted religion in the entire world.
iarpitspeaks bhakts did not physically harm her. yeah she put her views and they defend their views. why are you so concerned? she insulted the entire religion good or bad and they reply with good or bad.
because everyone is starting to realize that religion shit for the birds best you can do is get in tune with yourself embeddedurl
samar11 becoming more like sharia based countries. only religion is d crime n rest of d public square flogging etc same in front of excited spectators ready to contribute their fist or leg.
afghan_lives_matter what is the similarity between the people who talk about kashmir..who talk about palestine.. but they keep mum in case of afghanistan? ans:- they all support terrorism in the name of their religion ! afghan_lives_matter embeddedurl
hinaniazi8 happy life means when you are satisfied in all respect. no one is content unless you have fear and abiding religion. the perfect life is to take care of people around you and try to help them in hours of need
misosiru1026 furry, my religion
joemygod example 5,146,892 of: "religion poisons everything" - christopher hitchens embeddedurl
nakwaati our so called leaders hoh i don’t even know wtf is wrong with them mixing politics with religion is absurd
drambardar hindus who say hinduism is not a religion are the epitome of dumbness. they don't realize that they are falling into a trap, of stripping hinduism of basic religious rights. if hinduism ceases to be a religion the rights of hindus terminate too
take home message - believing something doesn’t, by itself, make it so. (example: believing covid isn’t real or your religion will save you from getting infected and dying)
osei_feliciaa please don’t go there. do your usual thing. religion is much more complicated
theidealistic1 karl_johnsonsa michaeljknowles but it said the official religion was atheism. and got a chaplain that practices it. since a chaplain is by definition a clergyman, they are, at least, claiming it is.
what religion teaches you is to help people. jerusalem was everything to salahuddin whereas for balian it was people. this surrender to salahuddin for its people was followed by crusades . kingdom of heaven is a good movie to watch in current time.
couplerebel sexwithemily true. society and religion has sent many of people down a path for unhappiness.
echolovemail also according to god statistics only a 50percent of people are going to heaven :up!_button:. so if u end up enjoying this god, consider praying it’s free and u canalways sin later enjoy the religion h
barbywt jameslucier aginnt embeddedurl here, choose as you wish. you can compare places too where didn't have mask mandate to other places where did have. no difference, no correlation. why do you say they do? where this insane religion came from? when did you all lost your minds?
stupid christains always cause problem for the religion. how can medals prove jesus is alive when you literally competed with others, some of whom are christains themselves? embeddedurl
letstrysanity timfaulkner81 organized religion is nothing but another societal clique; and, more often than not, more ex-clusive, discriminatory and vicious than any other.
it's always the fascist right, the republicans, who embrace mixing religion and government. their goal is control of thought and action using religion to justify their evil goals. embeddedurl embeddedurl
"religion applies only to human beings and not to the entire cosmos; there is no religion of electrons, monkeys, plants and galaxies, whereas all of them have their dharma even if they carry it out without intention. " embeddedurl
jyjibin ankitaakshyta18 s_shreyatweets there is new story here, mulla did it too. instead of speaking against the rapes you are blaming the religion, nobody tells u this embeddedurl
angela merkel says islam is not a source of terrorism as she defends its image as a "religion of peace": angela merkel sagt, der islam sei keine quelle des terrorismus und sie sein image als "religion des friedens" verteidigt: embeddedurl embeddedurl
so... am i weird if, while playing civilization v (favorite!), and i found a new religion, i name it "breast expansion"? and, choose the yinyang symbol because it looks like a woman mashing her huge breasts on top of the other?*
manutd adidasfootball manchester united the religion . ggmu.
"doing gender religion on the computer" is a turn of phrase that i didn't think it was possible for anyone under like 80 to say embeddedurl
census data collected every five years to inform delivery of services and infrastructure assumes that a person has a religion but not a sexuality. for census to be useful, is needs to ask the right questions. noreligion auspol absstats courtneyact embeddedurl
qnfkatie for me math is red, english is yellow or pink, science is green, history is purple, and religion is blue (i went to catholic school for 8 years) now tho history is blue
they fight in the name of religion while the survival of humanity itself is at stake. stand up for humanity. stand up for a sustainable society. internationalyouthday2021 ipccreport2021 youth4environment embeddedurl
mandalay's mahar aung myay, mandalar university, multi religion, & industrial zone strikes launched a combined demonstration demanding the dictatorship's quick fall. uselessasean aug25coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
the language of fire, its religion; pain has no race, flag or color. we welcome help from all over the world. helpturkey help embeddedurl
do not spread fake news there is no govt guidelines of rescue based on religion. uppolice hmoindia embeddedurl
i have these radical leftist beliefs that what makes a society homogeneous is not related to religion and that people shouldn’t have to suffer in order to survive.
"a prolific writer, flynn was known for his essays on atheism, religion and secular ideals, as well as his satirical science fiction novels, known as the messiah trilogy." embeddedurl
mindyaown2 rohitadhikary itscouriersix pankaj_tawaniya olympics islam only care about numbers !! many tryna convert me lmao bt i'm not that weak. your own quran said that kill the kafirs , kill those non believers so it speaks alot. this is fact islam ain't religion of peace if islam is then every single religion is peaceful.
truejournalizm don't make fun of religion
see, saying you'll never date a person of a particular race/religion/caste *is* you being discriminatory. no two ways about it! in this case, we indians can whitewash our internalised racism by saying it's our "preference", but it doesn't mean she's wrong for calling it out! embeddedurl embeddedurl
when someone counters an argument with a personal remark on their religion & label people into a particular political ideology, they have already lost their argument. this is a strategy to discredit the other's views by signalling to their clique because they can't by logic.
davidallenn17 jeremyslevin ilhanmn nothing. these people cry race and try to hide behind religion at every turn. meanwhile, this mouthpiece is protecting a very provable fact of bigotry from ilhan. despicable.
hahahahahah religion fc embeddedurl
i wish y’all would stop sayin christianity is a colonizer religion like ethiopians haven’t been practicing christianity since the 4th century.... embeddedurl
i just wanna say if you dont respect norse gods as a religion that is practiced today or think everyone who does believe in norse gods is a white supremacist pls dni ...
aishayesufu they are human beings first.religion is secondary. if they were traditionalists, budist or christian, will it make them less human?
such an apt caption ! now onwards … extremism in any religion is harmful to humanity and also that very religion. embeddedurl
txsalth2o this is the new religion
just to be clear the only faith scottmorrisonmp has is to a business model. it is not a church. it serves no religion. it is a fundamentalist, elitist pyramid scheme using the name of jesus as click bait. scottythesaviour auspol faithfail embeddedurl
thinkingatheist "the government of the united states is in no sense founded on the christian religion." ---john adams republicans love to reference the founding fathers, except when it directly contradicts their agenda. much like fundamentalists and the bible.
prsundar64 in 1%, because repeating the same thing every day for the last 4 years...no distractions now it has become a religion for me, created my edge, now my mind doesn't think of even the outcome of the trade, & that is what made the trading easier for me, just repetition helped
religion is for us but we are not for religion afganistan world the world is moving towards dictatorship the days to come are going to be very bad for the world afghanwomen afghanistan taliban talibans talibansympathisers kabul usa news trending अफ़ग़ानिस्तान embeddedurl
timspector our year 7s start with an enquiry ‘in what ways did the anglo saxons change britannia to create england’ we cover religion, law and order, coinage, arthur and athelstan.
whatever you call it today, but iac movement made many like me love country & its people, instead of dividing factors like religion, cast, state, language or political parties. aap and arvind never talked about secularism or communalism and neither they do it now. (3/n)
thefellowship yaeleckstein let us pray together for the wellbeing and happiness for everyone in the global world based on mutual understanding friendship and natural justice irrespective of caste colour creed religion or any other discrimination.
cmseth1 sir, we had spiritual poet called "kannadasan". he had written a book "meaningful hindu religion". he says, in other sects, they take up arms, when their god is insulted. here our god has taken weapons to protect us, so that we can lead a peaceful life"
religion of peace and its followers... embeddedurl
realolaudah gun don't kill people, people use gun to kill people. gun at it natural state is harmless. same goes to religion, and its not evil. people use it commit evil.
atheism religion men's 3d deer printed christmas t-shirt embeddedurl embeddedurl
alexlimxc if it hasn't been done enough sir, i'd like to apologize again on behalf of certain buffoons. they do not represent the religion at all. if anything, they are only painting a bad picture of it
theonly1acre one world religion loading.
you are free; you are free to go to your temples, you are free to go to your mosques or to any other place or worship in this state of pakistan. you may belong to any religion or caste or creed - that has nothing to do with the business of the state .pakistanzindabad
religion alone can be the source of such poetry.
thembinjapha unarguably the best telegram channel free thinker? love to discuss cutting-edge sides to life? religion and belief system? psychology? sex and sexuality? movie reviews?etc. so many real life topics and experiences to learn from. subscribe now :backhand_index_pointing_down_medium-dark_skin_tone: embeddedurl
refugees ask arab countries! why are they always not there to help their brothers in religion? is uno sleeping? why is always only europe asked to help? they are all sitting in uno!!!
rt electionlegal: what if getting the vaccine is the baptism for the religion of wokeness?
and how the fuck a man would pick a kid? an army of pedophiles, an army of cowards who hide behind religion... using religion for their own personal gain, their own sexual perversion... torturing their own people... how fucked are those souls if they have any
layer 04: religion, frame 13491 / 17114 embeddedurl
anonima_888 i'll say my opinions anywhere to anyone regardless of their 'religion'. you're a misogynistic loser who has too much time on their hands. go to church crazy b*tch
:a_button_(blood_type):nchester united is our team red is our colour old trafford is our home ole gunnar solskjaer our boss wayne rooney our legend rashford our future sir alex ferguson our father manchester our religion the red devils the pride of england ggmu
the only religion i follow is coach taylor’s prayer at the end of the pilot!! exvangelical ???
esaidinajib ollilollie engineersguides funnycllp oh, religion of peace again...
rt religion_manya: volvemos :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: embeddedurl
i dont like caste specific, region specific or religion specific tweets. but there's nothing wrong in captain amrinder sir's tweet. absolutely fine. dont defame anyone else, anyone different.... but its ok to praise people from one's own religion, region. embeddedurl
ukiswitheu not really. is more in part due to their interpretation of what their religion demands and views of how society should be set up and how power should be implemented down it with an emphasis on the collective rather than the individual. 1/2
rt 4dharma_anddesh: it is our dharma to rise up for ssr justice (dharma is not religion)
watchdog1812 jayhart909 religion is the origin of hypocrisy. i talked to god, but you didn't. we are all one, but i am more special. it has already been decided, but free will.
rt misterzedpk: a 'secular' republic prioritising humanitarian efforts on the basis of religion...
starrobowo likelyanni my religion prohibits me from voting but i do have a really good pb on valorant
congratulations to joshbrorby for his successful defense of an excellent dissertation! look for more from him in the coming years on victorian lit, religion, translation, pluralism, and more.
alexisbystorm doctorbadd davelight01 jimbcbs4 i don't follow any religion, but if i did, i would say a prayer for you hoping you don't contract covid-19. stats show the vaccine makes it far more likely you would survive if you did.
nbcnews imo wouldn't any religion say do no harm to others?
even if you are not from minority religion, you gotta listen to this masterclass on constitutional history of caste based reservations and article 341 embeddedurl
religious people are uncaring they care more about showing of their assumed piety. what you are experiencing is what i call narcissism on steroids. man is clearly constituting a nuisance but of cos he cant see that cos empathy and religion don't mix, ever! embeddedurl
ida_skibenes i’m starting to think they are terrified of females all together. that is where my anti religion comes in. in every one, the man is gods best creation. it all just crumbles in all religions, just because of that one fact.
wionews palkisu great presentation n insight. we know taliban left to their own will not stop at afganistan. all they know is to wage war in the name of religion. they will explore new realms and what more promising than ghazw-e-hind. we must try n get the us led coalition back on its feet.
joshindahl stevehofstetter mrandyngo hate comes in many shades & forms. their message is telling everyone about their faith & religion while sneaking in how everyone is evil & going 2 hell. f this group & fu....foh
sarit_rssbjp madhulika_21 how many times india got decided before modi ,so that you need modi to keep you people united .you people need modi to devide india in the name of cast , religion & hindu muslim bharat pakistan .
qudsnen their land is occupied and they are shot at indiscriminately on a daily basis. people get killed like flies, including children. what does the world do? nothing! when will israel come to it’s senses? which god or religion continue to condone this crime against humanity???
sibinmohan it really served their purpose to highlight the religion of the ‘tableeghi jamaat’, that was fair!! they make the rules! they break the rules coz they rule
doyle80894800 adeelayubpk_ bbcworld he might want the taliban to oppress the sh1t out of pakistan as well. religious lunatics will accept anything just as long as it is their flavour of religion being used to do it.
priyachabria corbel_stone namitagokhale_ priya, you introduced me to calasso's ouvre. when you saw i was interested in religion and mythology, you recommended that i read ka.
rt mohamma09292118: no prophet, of any religion, has brought a teaching that disturbs the peace of the world islamandpatriotism
jifrjjif your tweet is written in a confusing way but i’m going to say this because i feel you’re treading into dangerous waters. religion is a choice. sexuality isn’t. namjoon has often stated he’s agnostic/atheist. none of the boys have stated their sexuality in years.
sunday morning anything won't fix them. people in the church need to see the value in mental health treatment. go to therapy. see a dr. don't go to christian counselors who just spout religion at you. genuine treatment is the only thing that will help!! embeddedurl
free of charge: entrance 0 fee at any police station all age/s all gender/s all race/s all culture/s all nationalities all religion/s tax free x nil-0 x tax free. no tax rich or poorer millionaire billionaire thousands hundreds unemployment-problem embeddedurl
taliban doesn’t equal islam: how news coverage of afghanistan disserves a great religion – usa today chronlaw islamic law news embeddedurl islamiclaw news law attorney lawyer
religious businesses in iraq must end and the impostors of religion be expelled forever embeddedurl
sonusood do you know what is difference between dharm & mazahab (religion) ?
no bro, if you truly loved your non-muslim friends, you’ll know how annoying it is to rub your religion on their face and realise the world doesn’t revolve around u embeddedurl
things that never get talked about because oppositionism is the only religion in india. hope initiatives like these get us results much beyond what we've seen in our lifetimes so far. ritvikshekhar dhrubajc embeddedurl
to support genocide is the against of islamic religion. erdogangenocideaccomplice uae saudiarabia embeddedurl
n1k1w0n are they talking abt jay park.. the soloist?? all i wanna do guy?? cause he offended my religion too i hate him
i’ve converted to the religion of dollar tree. dollar tree is my savior now.
cfaouster markleansleft i know religious folks often use those religion to be bigoted or judgmental of others but not wanting prayers if they aren’t done as you do them is down right gross. i’m an atheist and if someone wants to pray for me all power to them.
rt donnie_religion: vacation me please
rt jeankirstein704: kirsteinity is my new religion embeddedurl
universal love, brotherhood, terror has no religion, violence is no means to solve any problem, bla bla.. even the peacenik dalai lama has taken a back seat while the vishwagaru is in action. embeddedurl
mehdirhasan .the chinese will succeed where others have failed. they will scale up their project in sinkiang against uighur culture. that is the key; not occupation, traipsing around as targets. total cultural deracination: religion, language, mores. and take the lithium and rare earths.
for those who loves..piecefull religion..:upside-down_face:liberandu,secularandu..nd see how women's are treated in them. saveafghanwomen talibans piecefullreligion embeddedurl
reminds of the revival tent scene in true detective season 1 where rust gives his take on modern religion. marty: “what do you know about these people?” rust: “i think it’s safe to say nobody here is going to be splitting the atom, marty.” embeddedurl embeddedurl
rt mxolisibob: because the system is rigged, it has to be a religion
maybe ethnically, his religion is obviously jedi? embeddedurl
awstar11 it's become a religion.
mekonnenhaile3 cnni us maybe terrorists shouldn’t surround themselves with children for protection and hide out in hospitals. cowards killing civilians are the suicide bombers, eager to die for their sick and warped idea of religion.
madamekempe christianity is codependency as religion. fits perfectly with the narcissistic abuse of the covid era.
"salmankhan is a religion. he's somebody that people follow blindly. he exudes that positivity. people don't care whether the film is hit or flop, it's just salman khan throughout": kareenakapoorkhan (2011, int for bodyguard) 10yearsofbodyguard
diogojotafc20 so is offending a religion but you didn’t have a problem with it pal
thegroz happy birthday first; i've been a long time listener from front to back,, both avenues you've have paced.. i would like to hear something i heard from you in the mid nineties or so, about "sports being the new religion".. hard to talk about, nowadays,, but so true.. loves to u.
forumatheist "blasphemy is a victimless crime" blasphemy is a positive force against religion to expose its complete nonrelevance and insignificance. "this crime called blasphemy was invented by priests for the purpose of defending doctrines not able to take care of themselves." ~robert green embeddedurl
i don't care about being politically correct. islam is the most problematic religion in nigerian and world wide.
sanjosemailman isn't the basis of religion fear of the wrath of god? so...
"bhakti in religion may be a road to the salvation of the soul. but in politics, bhakti or hero-worship is a sure road to degradation and to eventual dictatorship." -dr ambedkar, in his last speech to the constituent assembly of india
this person also said in religion, it teaches us to jaga kebersihan and penampilan so takkan nak normalise acne????? dude i can't even...........
shakeelx akashba25868831 imrankhanpti so if it's muslim majority than its imran father property or what? having different religion doesn't apart them from country cause india is not a hindu country so it's our part
fear the end of the people and their religion. in less than two weeks, nearly all of the yezidis have fled sinjar north, seeking sanctuary in kurdish lands, while thousands remain trapped in the rugged sinjar mountains awaiting rescue. embeddedurl
protected grounds are "well-founded fear of persecution on account of race, religion, nationality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion"
name something you changed your mind on after discovering new facts & information that contradicted your old beliefs, besides religion.
meothmans feeahzeez all these justify nothing, because reasonably what is right is right while what is wrong is wrong. no disguise on anything about religion.
jeffreestar absolutely fucking fantastic jeffreestar my boyfriend bought me the pink religion palette and surprised me with it today for my birthday
hiroshima_cpap pope satan is a false prophet the pope, who calls himself a prophet, is a pinocchio who cannot even predict his illness. abduction religion catholic! return my child to the japanese embeddedurl
freedomfromdrugs there is no description of drinking alcohol in the holy scriptures of any religion. then why are we going against religion embeddedurl
ministryangels wizardofsteel historynothate1 buckrog86641299 bobpickettsr onlyamom5 luisetoza zzigzzag4 71proud michael_paight destinfla13 juancortega17 thought jesus said “if anyone thirsts, let him come to me and drink. he who believes in me, as the scripture has said, out of his heart will flow rivers of living water.” another wordwhen you get tired of your own religion or buddhism, hinduism, muslims go to jesus
thetweetofrhea i believe in god, not religion. religions have been a tool for controlling the masses since the beginning of civilization.
enjoyed debating whether the uk is a christian country with thatalexwoman just now on gbnews. as the state religion, christianity remains hugely privileged. but 'christian country' doesn't reflect who we are as a nation - and it's misleading and divisive to do so. embeddedurl embeddedurl
and to the people of minnesota: how can you vote for a woman who believes in this and practices this ideology/religion.
a glimpse of medieval history in the ncert book of standard 12th on how people got converted to 'peaceful religion'. this is just a small excerpt, history is filled with hindumisia. this is the reason, why the young generation criticises hindu culture and become wokes. embeddedurl
hire us to do your do my homework chem essay due paper write english paper pay someone help paper case study essaypay online class religion. chemistry history econometrics math 100daysofcode. nodejs python womenwhocode code us canada dm essay_write25
rt tylerpogger: this clip is my religion embeddedurl
beauinsantafe aphexcody dfwticket heavylongmire at 500mg, i’m pretty sure i’d be able to prove that all religion is fiction.
devlin_games veronecuh introvertgay lilnasx ideally there’d be a world without religion besucase it’s quite a damaging concept/institution, but just do what you want i guess, just don’t force your religion onto others. your rights end where mine begin, and vice versa
thedcarts the people who blew themselves up besides slaying service members, and americans were believers of islam which is a religion of hate! if you do not see anything wrong with a religion like that you would go for anything. embeddedurl
whattheffacts i find it shocking how religion can manipulate the small minds of so many people.
kuvlotik lindafurness3 i know & i'm sick of it kuv. i don't care where you've come from or what religion you are......... you are either australian/permanent resident but you live under our constitution/laws/flag & if that bothers you & you think you are above that go & live somewhere else.
when a player wins- he/she is an indian but when they lose, their identity is subdued to their caste, gender, religion, ethnicity! shame! tokyo2020 embeddedurl
conspiracyb0t i just remarked somewhere else that scientific studies have consistently shown that more than 99% of scientists agree with the people who pay them. i like the point about science and religion that you're making. in a lot of ways science has replaced religion for lots of people.
“you are free; you are free to go to your temples. you are free to go to your mosques or to any other places of worship in this state of pakistan. you may belong to any religion, caste or creed—that has nothing to do with the business of the state.” muhammad ali jinnah embeddedurl
rahul_gadhi_inc you shouldn’t not be afraid of hindu to tell your true religion. a true hindu will accept you as is ..
mohamma58736803 agentc1983 wise_counsellor godless_mom islam has corrupted you, therefore you are talking like this. religion teaches people to love lies while searching for people who love to lie, repeat & repeat . embeddedurl
second, people who live without wanting to hold any social responsibility whatsoever greater than themselves, and from any race or belief, religion, social status, it doesn't matter. this model also exists. these 2 mindsets have been colliding with each other for so long.
blabbermouthnet johnlcooper michaelhsweet he’s correct covid doesn’t care about your religion
classicaltheis person: "i have thrown off the shackles of religion and superstition. i am liberated!" their passions and animal urges: embeddedurl
govierbill once again liberals go off the deep end for their new religion. serious deprogramming is in order.
markw2219 smalltowntiki my religion doesn’t allow me
realstevecox behaviortrap jamin37045676 why don't turn the replies on to your post in which you threaten people with gun violence for not joining your covid religion? inciting violence because people don't want to join your dopey ass cult is dangerous and cowardly.
ashokepandit manojmuntashir navikakumar youtube i am indian first after hindu. i respect all religions and castes. when patient needs blood in hospital, doctor checks blood group only and does not see any caste and religion. embeddedurl
messageofallah the holy scriptures of muslim religion prove that the creator of all, the destroyer of all sins, the all-powerful, imperishable god is in the form of a human body and resides in satyalok.his name is allah kabir. visit sant rampal ji maharaj youtube channel. embeddedurl
so vax/no vax is protected like race, sex, religion ? can you discriminate for dumb ? not hard to pick a reason for impeachment then. embeddedurl
rt romeor_: sum y’all christian, sum atheist, i’m true religion
enjoy the real experience of life by reading books. . life universe religion spiritual science bookish luxury lifestyle books embeddedurl
paxrhodes this is exactly what organized religion wants. people who are so devout to the religion, they will, without question die for it. those are the same people who willingly hand the churches all their money
this is another world of gods, angels, demons energies... where religion doesn't matter everything is under one system, that is developing everything and is controlling it
check out this listing i just added to my poshmark closet: men’s true religion zip hoodie small. embeddedurl shopmycloset poshmarkapp
faith to action network also called upon the participants to be careful not to mix personal beliefs, culture +religion. women rights organisations from kenya, mali, drc, tunisia, ethiopia, rwanda and mauritius were present during the dialogue. femnetprog throwbackthursday
hananyanaftali in iranian society ayatollah are very respect full then any one. majority of iranian and shia all over the world follow them. islam is religion of peace. but peace can not come without justice. without respect of their religion and ayatollah you can't peace with iranian .
harshithkb shantanunandan2 it's a metaphor. if you cannot get it...go ahead read your purana books and say that flight was invented and used by ravana...speed of light calculated by hanuman chalesa. history are written by humans in there views. so stop interpreting everything by religion stories.
how about your own religion communism. any scholarship in that area. or the focus is only other religion and causing fractions therein. embeddedurl
today we commemorate the victims of acts of religious violence, including those who have suffered for their freedom of religion or belief. respect4religiousfreedom
dirkschwenk public ed. is first place we get together with other children, kids from different backgrounds; we learn tolerance and acceptance of different ways of being, of worshipping, of looking... it is not only a great equalizer it is a great connector across race and religion. hence....
dacdac4dac "the science " is scientism which is a religion!
aapsekyamatlab i believe in science and faith not religion. i respect every religion tho
chris_smithsj in my religion. catholic church has been a grave sin just as rape and bestiality. and according to st paul it is an example of the lowest thing a human being can commit. i reapeat, according to catholic religion. maybe in you religion bestiality is ok
nanagoism • first impression: the talent this person holds is immaculate • how i read your : my religion • how close are we (1-10): 7!! • you’re my __ moot: lord nanago provider • do i see you frequently on my tl?: yes always • should you do this?: yes
+ and that's exactly what makes him so great. he's found a way to connect with both religion and people, he doesn't want others to see him as this "enlightened" monk but just another person that's simply doing his best with the information he has and the things he believes in.
sethmacfarlane we are also urging them to id what religion the actors are, to protect the common film folk from having to deal with "certain" religions. hopefully the guidelines will require people to wear "special" symbols on their shirts and coats to allow ids a distance. you have forgotten.
visapower100 you know what ranjit did but you ignore... because you target only on the base of religion... baki islamic republic of pakistan main kisi kisi anti muslim ka statue tuk nai bnta.
fatah_pak oh god please why bring religion into something which is below standards of humanity it's against rights provided in the constitution minarepakistan justiceforayesha
bhanu67308125 bharatheeya70 embeddedurl although nearly identical to gould’s views in his 1999 book rocks of ages, gould mentions neither einstein nor this passage. but both men were misguided in suggesting that this tactic can harmonize science and religion.
sisypheus shrutish8 xixiping123 samar11 i'm am trying to make a simple point here, that castism is now part and parcel of modern hindu religion, how it came about is a separte issue. so, hindium & sikhism, now, have contradictory views on social struture of humans in society. one is classfied into castes other is not.
this is islam in action in afghanistan.. women are no longer allowed to work, music forbidden, religious dress code enforced, threatening and killing any who does not an evil religion and mcb asking for asylum? embeddedurl
so acl, who i don't support, held a packed meeting at perth arena last night. no protesters, no drama. thousands attended. only flogs attempt to stop a religious group from holding a public meeting. markmcgowan alp perthnews wanews acl arrogantgovernment religion embeddedurl
gueltario libertyhangout neither actually. if you're about "tradition" and "religion" then sure. if you're about paying your way to forgiveness and heaven then sure. if you're about work over faith then sure. jesus was all about grace. if we followed orthodox/catholic you would have to be baptized.
olfella56 hellharbour and it needs to be said. people running massive delusional belief systems have no right to be involved in the national debate. this is not the dark ages, religion should have been left behind years ago, but still supported by benefiting elites. anti intellectual manipulation.
isis-k the way i heard it on the news is a more extreme version of isis they have stronger beliefs in their religion and beliefs. bad they are all bad but k is worse apparently.
dr_cmm i follow a religion far older then the major 3. we do not intrude we do not proselytize and we have no holy manual. best religion ever!
layer 04: religion, frame 7704 / 17114 embeddedurl
saffronjedi atheists should be just atheists. siding with one religion to bash others is what the liberals do.
andreaa20082018 it's obvious you didn't read that tweet carefully. and it's not my fault you lack a moral compass, i chose religion as mine, you go look for yours, but i hope it doesn't involve kids
it's religion other artists have done this embeddedurl
his religion was trampled, but his son, the promised mehdi, will be the founder of his religion in the world. prophetmuhammad
rt kweku_ampim: religion in particular. first class scam.
believe in my niggas so much i changed my religion too mudslim
delsur742 mucusmucous peter_telecom stilldizzy2 horusrage praisehisname50 secularsandwich willsworldview zypisfy cern_lxxl tarquinrees tcunderdahl tklforgiven wolfpak561 pray2pesci heathensawyer rossgilroy globalist13903 falchion14 wondersnorbit takethatdarwin johnkrahn2 collinoctantis a_damned_smith hauxton bluedragonsfang realanondouche tjaytheist goatmunch giomis4 acoventryscone muddywatersrecs kalianeke tk_the_kitsune day_graeme protecths godflythe magnaadam zapher134 ihategod427 vincepopart cat_impy jools6691 tdemomof3 brianslimdog77 nkippur mooke53950109 awayfromthekeys gutocastiglioni lewisthesloth that makes a lot more sense i thought you said that you had to call jesus lord to go to heaven. i guess i misunderstood. so, you believe that heaven and hell is based on what kind of person you are, not which religion you choose?
probably the guy standing in front of them preaching his own religion. embeddedurl
religion does not teach to keep enmity with each other. what kind of religion and what kind of law is this? ys35 savepakistanihinduboy embeddedurl
11manifold well done josh my school does the religion exam a year early and i failed that
100gbodhisattva loveforoctober imbettertheny12 theomniliberal it's pretty peak "white savior" to think you're going to logic and reason away the concept of religion.
this man and other is the reason i left western religion. there hands were always in my damn pocket for this that and the other thing that the church needed. just go on t.v. and say i want a little red plane, new suit new car but my kids got the same old same old. embeddedurl
marazack26 sometimes when you simply engage in 'امر بالمعروف نهى عن المنكر' recommending good and forbidding evil, you are accused of passsing fatwas and told to keep the religion to yourself. that is because nowadays you have 'fatwas' to justify innovations and all kinds of prohibited acts
zubymusic i think for a lot of us atheists we've been fed a diet of religion for longer than we can remember and there is solice in discussing the reason for non belief
free of charge: entrance 0 fee at any police station all age/s all gender/s all race/s all culture/s all nationalities all religion/s tax free x nil-0 x tax free. no tax rich or poorer millionaire billionaire thousands hundreds unemployment-problem embeddedurl
wandata40700085 tracytoth reuters nothing about tracy t post was about religion, and her post talk about 9/11 and u.s. embassy in a symbolic way. my reply was to address tracy t post. not your arbitrary one.
jamelizzz keep doin that and imma start a religion with u as god
update: it is very hot. my religion is fading. we’re all pouring sweat. this is summer in mississippi. what did i expect.
a friend had posted about zoroastrianism. i had never even heard of it, it caused an hour of research to occur. what is most interesting is that it was actually the state religion of iran for quite some time and that manichaeism was essentially an offshoot of it.
religion is no reason to keep exploiting and killing animals for food. choose... - dawn of the vegan vegan embeddedurl
imalsoindia sssingh21 another extreme is hindus trying to justify every tradition on the point of science! science n religion should neither contradict nor justify each other. they can co-exist. as far as traditions r concerned, they shd change or modify with the passing of time else they'll go stale.
frenchysonesie patriot19704 redsteeze baseballcrank immunocompromised - consult your doctor. religion - don’t know a single religion that prevents vaccination. don’t want to - stop being selfish.
the international thief who wants to enslave us and prevent us from owning our freedom, our property, our children and our religion.
alyssagoodwitch no because science is measurable and prove able and is based in the physical. religion is none of those things.
segue from this town's religion into sink like a stone, absolute dream (actually could listen to the intro of slas on its own for hours tbh) timstwitterlisteningparty
nehru is a biggest blot to india, he played a big role in dividing india & pakistan, nehru made pakistan islamic country and india a secular country as majority it's of hindu population. when partition has been done on religion then y d hell musl!m stayed in india ??? embeddedurl
rt sayantansunnyg: why is this religion specific? how aren't you ashamed to announce such a statement?
zoo_bear you have cartoon, we have original pics of what ol who ober religion is. asadowaisi rohini_sgh reallyswara askanshul goldenthrust majorpoonia arunpudur embeddedurl
tarquinrees wiguy45 1pckt djwcymruexile lueleison hesanaughtyboy pray2pesci ronaldm71579792 day_graeme melanie33720945 quiptography sbuddie1877 avic_wins heathenwombat crucifyingbible velveteven legendivfx waragoodwarfare bruceraycarr1 andrewrchapman charlottejass babetruth2 wolfpak561 godflythe offender_repeat ur_buddy777 wmmanry hankstern2 willsworldview zalphaprime goatmunch a_damned_smith kester_lowers johnkrahn2 wisemanryder oohglobbits5 fixedintime smug2bme debbie25808035 enby896 athiestica reid_co fullmetalja sdarkmore alliste35661241 candysmith74 splintersimba docsnoe th1rt3en_tm jackiebarbosa so religion doesn't claim that a god exists? be serious.
keep believing and ask people to believe that someone up their is telling u to do all things....then keep fighting against others belief. that's what u people have done in the name of religion. embeddedurl
cyblis__ fugazi , minor threat , bad religion , slaughter and the dogs e the smiths
christianity is a religion based on principles [not pleasing yourself] you do god's will [and let god take care of pleasing you] steve d famouscenes3
religion embeddedurl
mvs_narayana hillvalley12 davidfrawleyved yes, u're assessment is correct. i think the main issue is when someone tries to claim their religion is the best & wants everyone to convert. many atheists too want everyone to be an atheist. that causes conflicts
what other people besides so-called negroes have the religion and history of that people been so concealed and hidden, leaving no possible chance for this knowledge to escape except by the will and power of god. the honorable elijah muhammad
searcherforlife coaimpaul errr... most scummy people use religion as an excuse for evil n exploitation. give it up n join the human race.
backpainandwine i think we’d end up trading 99% of the refugees we’ve already taken. never ending circle of trading people. i’d rather a racist neighbour than a wife beating child marrying supporter of any religion. the manchester bomber was a refugee. millions more support his ideology.
ariananews_ the statement of dala nation change according satiation when american paying funds to fight extremism mulla bradar munafaq was in pakistani jail i mean this nation can sell out their religion for few dollars what we can expect from these dala nation sanctionpakistan
god2evolution jaimzsneeze lorireneefye2 livingforjc lorimagby1 yahweh was a minor god and was supposedly gifted rule over the israelites by el who was the chief deity in canaanite religion. the canaanites were pure polytheists that chose a god as a sect; that later evolved into polytheists disguised as monotheism (father, son & spirit).
rt kr3wmatic: no religion spreads peaceful, blood always shed.
finished my religion class with an a!!! hell yes! now a little 2 week break before i head back to campus for some real culinary classes again!
torontostar science religion white supremacy...life about suffering why shoukd we pay workers any more??? it all lines up ...you really think tories represent you
studhombre ernesthanson19 so you want to force your religion on ppl from a young age? you think that will squelch the violence in america? would you approve if govt decided schools are going to pray to allah in the morning or teach buddhism? prob not based on your ignorant response/small minded solution. embeddedurl
warrior88650873 kagthisnov20 abdulla22384140 poel44million countdankulatv elonmusk because of indian state spot terrorism and big spoilor in afghanistan and world have much evidence! and india give most dirty delta virus to the world ! what that means india most political dirty country in the world and you blame religion for that reality?
bhai its wrong to humiliate any religion over any other religion .. being secular doesn't mean h disrespect other's faith or support pakistan ya muslims.. being neautral and unbiased is also v imp i don't knw u but dm krdo bhai we can talk n tc embeddedurl
andylfcredman31 goal has absolutely nothing to do with religion mate... it's the number of kids following this handle...the post is suggestive...try getting my line of argument...a pride flag or symbol is enough solidarity...have you even tot for once if the parties involved will love such publicity?
keeperofthepogs jackposobiec "i wish religion was banned. especially judaism." - adolph hitler
leftybetty future_fangirl latimes as you should be. and yeah that’s exactly what i’m thinking it is: a loophole. i can’t think of any religion that would say “god tells me not to get this thing that’ll only be beneficial to me and my fellow people”
people not telling you this because they are bonafide members of the universal church of anything goes. your pastor, your reader, your spiritual advisor...all of them. and the religion of that church is demonic.
i'm pretty sure this is not at all "for me" like i do not mesh with religion and that's every other line so i'll probably not post too much
this isn’t arizona football it’s a religion down here, i promise u this will make people go get vaccinated embeddedurl
mqakhokhar hannan021 ancient pakistan! nice joke from people who follow a religion which was 'founded' 1400 years ago.
blakandblack definitely, religion has a lot to answer for
she ain't wrong. you can discuss religion or sex however you want with art.....except your show is just sexist and not funny "sis". ma'am is thinking she's writing fleabag when it's a dollar store show on kanal d embeddedurl
tsholo_blacki in modern times, "scentific ideologies" that are not really scientific are taking over where religion left off.
from now on lee know's vocal is my religion
unapologeticank genghufoor islam is not a religion but it's an ideology which was imposed by muhmmad during 6th century on tribals. a well known fact is that he copied many rituals which were performed by tribal community at that time.
theeconomist oh please. the muslim religion doesn't need the last week's events to get it excited and recruit. where have you been for the last fifty years?
thisisgruff formidabletrap but religion raped our crops and burned our women!
sept. 9: tune in for a panel discussion with usc dornsife distinguished professor sherman jackson, filmmaker kenburns & more. they will discuss burns' new film on muhammad ali & the role of race & religion in ali’s life. rsvp: embeddedurl pbs muhammadalipbs embeddedurl
multi religion strike and aungpinlel main strike from mandalay marched with together & staged a collective strike in today's evening to overthrow of the military regime. whereistheburmabill aug19coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
igopalgoswami america has done it well. they r just 1 % percent and all have left their religion. if no ghar wapsi then at least bring them out from religion. because even after reform n aazadi they gonna hate hindus n indian culture so ghar wapsi is only solution.
it is very regrettable to see politically-motivated and biased reports of amnesty. the independence of amnesty from any political ideology, economic interest or religion became questionable. tplfterroristgroup. truthprevails ethiopiaprevails antonioguterres embeddedurl
i've been digging super deep into cults lately. waco, the people's temple, scientology (fuck the fact they're classified as a religion,) and even qanon. just wild how people get sucked into this shit. now for the one who thought the bible was about aliens. fun. embeddedurl
dchaurasia2312 they are only focus on name religion, political power control, and other....&lt;but never visit to school of their district to inspection over its fees, strategy of education system, score of result of that college/school, attendance, etc..&gt; "politics aur name ki piche pade rho"
hornyj33kies my religion
this is one of the popular ways in which representatives of "religion of love (christianity)" expressed their love. they invented several such innovative ways of expression of love. their focus on this kind of love was so much that nothing else was invented during those times. embeddedurl
wait til they hear how much true religion use to have niggas saving 300 for a pair embeddedurl
if u define intelligence by someone religion.... then maybe u shouldnt even be having the conversation about intelligence embeddedurl
anjuchopra73 rahulgandhi correction..not towards women. my regressive attitude is towards sanghi women who clearly don't understand politics and judge leaders not by their policies but by their religion .rg tweeted that becoz ichr left out nehru.. who is a freedom fighter and prime minister..what's wrong
datish_4 so how isn’t islam primarily an arabic religion?
malangkhostay any religious person devoting their lives to religion is an extremist.
navyhato well, there's something nice about an oppressive religion that tells you what to do, and then if you just do it, you're fine. i mean that's terrible, but it's better than something inconsistent that might screw you no matter what you do. for peace of mind purposes.
pipssexy bbcworld again: religion does not belong in politics. maybe educate yourself on basic human rights and decency and then think about what you‘re defending here
the taliban takeover will take afghanistan back to the dark ages & sharia law. all because of a religious fairytale created to control people through fear of a vengeful deity. religion has been the primary cause of was & world crisis for 2,000 years. embeddedurl
suzanne14085245 broomstick33 i have a religion, but it's a dud (catholicism) so i will also be marking no religion!
karencr62575555 democratic country i would only vote tory again if a right wing strong candidate became the leader.boris is letting become over populated with illegal immigrants who hate our religion and us:zipper-mouth_face:
seattleforever2 rschooley because it has been consistently demonized by creationists and anti-vaxxers and held up as the opposite of religion, so here we are.
rhadebelihle please when doing your youtube please speak about the female and her cycles. religion and and cultural practices look down on this.
t9xtrip bigfunkyj if there is one thing stupider than race or sexuality to judge things by its definitely religion
amysgotbirds while i believe in an intelligent energy source, organized religion is a grift.
blastedogk buehler4cy wojespn excelbasketball christian lmao, named after a white religion sadly
que2stacy religion is completely different than having a personal relationship with jesus christ. as was previously mentioned, you need healing. my relationship with jesus & reading the bible every day was what healed me. may god bless you!
pratheesh_hind towardsreal narendramodi who was one major player in the blood bath of those days? let us also thankfully remember savarkar who demanded 2 nations based on religion 3 years before jinna! let us not forget sp mukherjee who was vociferous in demanding division of bengal
peterba82304711 eantonon whatever the outcome, europe is going to be flooded with more muslim refugees some of who forget their gratitude quite quickly and endanger those of us who do not share their religion.
orikkunn anything people have a dogmatic attachment to will lead to that, and religion sticks out like a sore thumb. why the supernatural causes so much of an attachment? that's really a question to look forward to. buddhism does have quite the "supernatural" element to it, but it's—
tandonraveena just also a small prayer on the side for all the hindus, sikhs killed and ethinically cleansed out of afghanistan by these very people in the name of thier religion. afghanistan
melaniedoak tonykoc69285191 nfp’s like churches can pay tax if they have a enterprise that isn’t the basis for their religion etc. so her church might have a nursing home or something like a 2nd hand clothing store that would pay tax, probably the reason they got paid some.
christianity soiled its reputation in my lifetime 10 fold by fraudulent unchristian voices elevated to speak for faith and by wrapping arms around republican political party esp trump, while so many of us hold dear its focus on love, compassion, & justice. theology religion
spacemongoos jokesdepartment and i think it's wrong to raise a child with any kind of religion, you can tell them about religion but not enforce it on them.
basic boundaries ! * ‘ , * don’t use /r or /x with me unless you’re dating me . * don’t get upset when someones not fronting * don’t expect us to dm you 24/7 * don’t ignore our triggers * don’t ask about religion or politics , it makes us v uncomfortable
sekesekek et1home bronze_melanin do us all a favor & tell your right wing christian friends & followers of christ to stop having absolutely insane positions & doing insane wild shit & then we might stop critiquing & criticizing your religion.
dyor is not a myth it’s a religion.
layer 04: religion, frame 2887 / 17114 embeddedurl
it's fake christians like him who make people like me despise religion. how can he call himself a man of god, and support a cheating, lying, racist, lying, misogynistic, lying, homophobic, lying, xenophobic, lying pos? he can't. it's a cult. demvoice1 embeddedurl
rebecca41183999 anonopsse next time if u r in sm child birthday party, remember dnt hand them a cake or drinks! u know what to do! pork? i just think do us army learn anything abt muslim religion when spending 20yrs in muslim countries?
there's this friend i have from rajouri who posts everyday on palestine but nothing on veer , bechara infant who got killed in grenade blast there . look i'm also in support of palestine but agar tumhari empathy religion se define hoti hai to that's not empathy friend.
you find yourself in a secret moon base. roll a religion check.
everybody knows in the world he doesn't allow religion in china i'm talking about jumping ass he doesn't allow religion he'll kill you no such religion except zi jumping ass
ama__burland please you're not embracing religion ooo, go and find yesu and twaa him hugs
hey here's a new medium post! go read about why...."the christian church has failed" embeddedurl religion politics christianity
strangely enough, when i was a child, jos was known for peace and tranquillity. it was nigeria’s tourism showcase. they had a picturesque landscape, and soap operas, like behind the clouds, were shot there. and then religion reared its head. the rest is history tableshaker
90oos pehle jaake apne profe ka existence proof karo fake religion waale copy cat religion
i absolutely and totally love this. i will gladly give my spare room to someone that needs it regardless of colour, creed, race, religion, gender, or whatever. embeddedurl
these are what nld government had preserved and promoted the religion during the past five years that murdererminaunghlaing shamelessly concocted from military channel today. whatshappeninginmyanmar aug2coup embeddedurl
khushi_2611_ nazneentowhid first correct yourself nazneen islam can't unite the peoples because it's religion of piece. pakistan is live example of it. embeddedurl
jaxrawrxd new religion, shadows die, and perfect weapon
gmaolruanaidh faith should never be confused with religion. the world through man kind is in a state. religion is manufactured by man your faith remains your anchor. it enables you to rise above mortal thinking.
fundamentally, perell is not wrong. while religion—and american christianity in particular—can be a complicated mess, there is very little historical doubt that it was the christian faith that was the seedbed and stalk of much of what we cherish in the west. 6/x
lthsource harry_styles 965tdy what do i need to do to get harry to release this cover! it is my daily religion i vote harry styles (harry_styles) for artistofsummer 965tdy embeddedurl
dan_abramov these days, though, i see religion as an instrument of control for the masses. i don't blame religious people for it though, i kind of see some of them as its victims.
free of charge: entrance 0 fee at any police station all age/s all gender/s all race/s all culture/s all nationalities all religion/s tax free x nil-0 x tax free. no tax rich or poorer millionaire billionaire thousands hundreds unemployment-problem embeddedurl
kaoticsocialist cenk is actually right on this, but it doesn't matter. rw'ers are so propagandized and scared that they'll never not vote for republicans. religion and the "pro-life" block is a big reason why. that's why trump, an anti-christ if there ever was one, pandered to evangelicals.
waukeshaferret oh they were. their plan is to claim that vaccines are against their religion and if they fire them it will be discrimination. we'll see how this plays out
futurehypenbox lumieegalaxy want forgiveness? get religion
these people are targeting islam religion and insulting kalma sharif on this news paper page no 10 i request to the police department of bareillypolice strictest action should be taken on the company of this news pager allah_ki_talwar bandainikjagran islamophobia_in_india embeddedurl
it infuriates me that punjab and bengal were mindlessly divided on the basis of religion whereas the cultures are the same. the same shit applies to how afghanistan and pakistan are bordered off. true independence will be when we reject the borders stupid white people drew
why is the government only evacuating hindus and sikhs afghans from afghanistan? what about the people of other religion facing persecution and human rights violation like muslim women. why are they evacuating people based to their religion? afganistan afghanlivesmatter
nan_dini_ and she spreads her brand of biased religion based lies actually uses them to earn money ! what a shameless creature this is !
and you still think religion does more good than bad for society and humanity? embeddedurl
brasilmagic there are some good things about religion and churches. this is not one of them.
nobody took this from you literally just go join the mennonites although “hello i’d like to join your religion because i find your daughters super fuckable” might not get you far. embeddedurl
for 300 days, attacks by ethiopian & eritrean forces, have destroyed buildings dedicated to religion, education, charitable causes, culture, history & hospitals. bmz_bund regsprecher auswaertigesamt heikomaas don’t look away! 300daysoftigraygenocide embeddedurl
zebaism stupid question..don't call urself to b a journo when u r just worried abt 1 sp community/religion..
for 300 days, attacks by ethiopian & eritrean forces, have destroyed buildings dedicated to religion, education, charitable causes, culture, history & hospitals. bmz_bund regsprecher auswaertigesamt heikomaas don’t look away! 300daysoftigraygenocide embeddedurl
lazarus_po infiduck xfortune deaerti zabong69 mrjohns52403217 yasmohammedxx c_ono_dit_biot jpeyron arminarefi adlenmeddi lepoint no. there is a first organism, but it’s properties are yet to be fully established - hence, unlike human beings (homo sapiens) it hasn’t been assigned a species name. science, where there are gaps, doesn’t just make stuff up. that’s why it’s trustworthy when compared to religion.
guy_justaguy2 leetwimberly thecatheist michael01599823 pray2pesci wolfpak561 zypisfy imkimaaron richard18593976 willsworldview cassini45511893 sdarkmore peterrevo16 zapher134 rossgilroy anthonyt2_mufc tertiusiv secularsandwich awayfromthekeys gungglefont jools6691 einmanaulfurs acoventryscone muddywatersrecs cleisthenes5 dar42 rani84279141 andrewrchapman narratingfools imudlet denythemyouress akaxochi johnkrahn2 chortling_man cern_lxxl robertbrowniej8 simples18790446 globalist13903 brianslimdog77 billgrahamtoo simple_shaman tcunderdahl jerryhelton14 bearschoice2020 nikhilm86906183 smug2bme runninghippo theocrazy2 markthorsby1 charlesthornt because we all are going there, no matter what race, era, religion or none, age, or color of eyes. we are all going to the other side. it's arrogant of christian people to think billions and billions of people aren't going but they are. christians are by far the minority.
timesnow when you have nothing to offer or show, you fall back on caste, religion, language. every worthless regional party does it.
tweacherbc lumarteach katgabriela88 frankymaryjane religion and education are a privilege. by banning / limiting access to the bible and other texts stops the oppressed classes from rising against the regime.
pmcm1355 bbcscotlandnews he is the pope...there's no off day from religion.
evil people use religion to cover up their cruelty. these churches must be banned period! embeddedurl
hating christianity to being atheist and not supporting organized religion to being proudly and loudly jewish pipeline
jpitney radiofreetom but abraham was totally prepared to kill his son when told to. so, there's that. religion is total bs. all of it. religion poisons everything.
12243648go wehindubhart12 drabbyphilips ayurvedha and hinduism should not be mixed, why does people bring in religion when some one exposes ayurvedha,..
durhrgesam vishnus36452255 drkaifofficial chal tu karta reh religion religion. i have more important things to do. id celebrate karna hai, christmas b manana hai. bye bye!
rick_vandeven sdecoxhealth rick to my knowledge christian science is the only religion that explicitly forbids vaccines. not a single other religion forbids it. this is easy to find out on the internet so anyone using excuse is full of crap.
_agnijwala_ this must be stopped … this is the reason why i said hinduism is a religion and not a way of life as many hs seem to feel! when you think your religion is just a way of life, these things appear okay
i hope people realise that humanity is more important than religion *sigh*
shreekarnisena sir, our ancestors hindu religion and all sanatani hindu india have maintained the country's pride in a very beautiful way, i am very proud that i was born in a kshatriya clan.
maxxgrouch vaib20051983 i have a joke on the peaceful religion but i like my head on my shoulders
despite tight security, dawn protest was staged by mandalay multi religion forces on aug 28 defying military rules. acceptnug_rejectmilitary whatshappeninginmyanmar aug28coup embeddedurl
the future is a war where biotechnology, chemistry, internet, space, and religion are intertwined. the most powerful weapons are social media and virtual currency. ——from guo wengui's live broadcast on august 1, 2021 embeddedurl
ali_mohamed77 styx666official foreign they are afghans muslims they fight for religion only if you are not a muslim you dont deserve to live in this world. not only afghans but from every muslim country. tell me where i'm i wrong?
temeton_blue given that heaven is christianity's major selling point there's surprisingly little detail about it in its teachings. i don't think any religion explains why all souls cannot just be in a heaven from the start and the point of suffering.
_sayema check your own original ancestral religion please islam is only 1400 years old hinduism is more than 10000 years old
dandarling usatoday and things like this are why millions have left organizationized religion behind. i am sorry this happened to you, but this was surely a blessing in disguise.
bananaboykie gredstorm rugbypass wonderful diverse country we have of all colours and sexuality and religion , bet you’ve never even been here.
“hell must be a pretty swell spot, because the guys that invented religion have sure been trying hard to keep everybody else out.” - al capone - adamferrisaf - me embeddedurl
there are governments of countries in the world, we find them mixing humanity with politics + mixing politics with religion, you talk about islam before you know humanity!
somebody just told me that i can tell my job that getting the vaccine is against my religion and they can’t make me get it or fire me for not getting it. does anybody know if there is any truth to that?
rt pissingrry: it's actually against every religion ever for harry styles to shave so be respectful of that!!
fakepakistanifaminist some of its core beliefs are secularism, democracy, gender and race equality, freedom of speech, the press, and religion. team4pk
let's play real life jeopardy. legitimate governments don't permit the killing school children because guns are everywhere, oppress the rights of women, or force them to make choices that may ultimately kill them under the guise of religion. is that the taliban, or the gqp?
pontifex_ar pope satan is a false prophet the pope, who calls himself a prophet, is a pinocchio who cannot even predict his illness. abduction religion catholic! return my child to the japanese embeddedurl
important questions lots of people have hobbies. some people collect old coins or foreign stamps, some do needlework ... let me tell you, religion is a good and true religion when gives you clear and reasonable answers to these allegations. embeddedurl
thetweetofgod had it spread more intelligence than ‘half-life’ plutonium, we might not be in this ludicrous, political, delusional dark-hearted dripping stench we presently find ourselves. god ! what have they done? ‘locked you in your golden cage & made you bend to their religion !!!’
neasdenparade who told you about god? or did you intuit his existence? i suspect you found out about him via religion. go figure.
honest_bayern moabzlim madqueenlady meowsakino__o crewsmat19 but prophet mohammed is not a god. this is not the point. the point is every religion has its own whereabouts. i won't question your faith and i expect you to do the same.
jeffrey_riddle gregforcouncil govcox absolutely i do. you think we will just fly them on in and drop them off on the corner? worried about religion, who they say they are, and vetting? you might be right. i see what happend with the mormons and local tribes here. i stand by my comments to greg. no leader there.
bongolaserworks i didn’t make any comment on merit or morality. i stated they are equally annoying. but if you please: atheists who sneer at religion as “primitive and backwards” and tout superiority tend to employ eurocentric colonial overtones tiedforectly to christianity so
kimberly_sofl giggerton johnfugelsang for far too long there has been a dumbing down of our country. an addiction to a single news source, inadequate schools, and religion. i do my part by keeping myself informed and voting. elections/politics are important! embeddedurl
the way that church/religion immediately makes me feel judged and unsafe.. it’s always gonna be a no for me.
gocards1 i'm not sure i had to fill out a religion questionnaire during my test?
godmorningmonday there is no description of drinking alcohol in the holy scriptures of any religion. then why are we behaving against religion...? embeddedurl
pastormethy gopiscomplicit stevenhartley49 dineshdsouza potus what a wierdonot too fond of the religion thing.
are they members of the religion of peace? embeddedurl
aewdynamite the universe is so perfect. there is only one god. islam is the true religion please visit: embeddedurl
jackposobiec the constitution guarantees freedom of religion. there is no mention of 'organized religion'.
"muslims take their religion a lot more seriously than christians." cristo clashes with roshan in london over the prophet muhammad cartoon. cristo_radio embeddedurl
don't include religion here. in islam is lesser than 18. embeddedurl
thereformer_santrampalji sant rampal ji maharaj ji is strongly against caste system, untouchability and other forms of discrimination based on age, color, disability, gender, race, religion and social status. 7daystogofor_avatarandiwas embeddedurl
michael_saylor bitcoin doesn’t have preferences you can be: - any country’s citizen - any religion - any race - any gender - any political belief - any social class everybody is included. what a beautiful concept.
u r free to choose any religion .....but u r not free to choose christ un new 1 w religion embeddedurl
jackposobiec mandate violates civil right act which prohibits discrimination in places of public accommodation on basis of race & religion. it’s a fact that poc & religious are most anti-this-vax, so a case could be made that they’re being targeted as well as the disabled who can’t take vax. embeddedurl
rt afe_jhugne: malamahenry catskomejaguar things to do with religion triggers people, that's a topic most people are not ready for
kayaknoon1 oectagovernor then why do i belong in prison for being against religion?
nftcollector00 joey was a priest in the church of the resurrection. but one day he realized that religion was not his. motorcycle, sex and rock and roll are his. embeddedurl cryptoart nft ethereum digitalart nftcollectors nftcommunity nftartist digitalartist opensea
the rev john macquarrie | religion | the guardian …language about god - symbolic & not to be taken literally. but it must be taken seriously. “there is nothing more worthwhile and more difficult than the fundamental task of simply becoming human.” jm embeddedurl
thestrugglefortruth the avatar nostradamus predicted : that religious leader (tatvdarshi saint) with the power of his religion i.e.with power of bhakti and through tatvgyan would overpower all the nations. that religious leader is sant rampal ji.
kathyh32366583 lifenewshq you are religious as well by "believing" that women have rights but her baby does not. it's called the religion of "self". everyone has their own religious beliefs even atheists.
thereturn_doc hi. how can i obtain a copy of the return for my women and religion class?
bijaya_biswal brainwashing & forced conversion are also reasons of giving the religion up. if a group of people of a village accepts a new religion, after several years, others also follow the path. do you think it happens because of humiliation? many uc people have also taken this path.
iamamanda1111 boy isn’t that a bunch of new age occultism that basically is going to be the new religion of the new world order mixed up in catholicism and hinduism and many are not even aware people like alice bailey who was a saint and us by the way brought this crap in
watching oetaonr about oklahoma’s illegal cock fighting business. i wasn’t aware that cock fighting was a freedom of religion, god given right.
bad_takes first it was the holocaust and they got called on that bs now its apartheid. what's next? religion??
protesters from mandalay based mass strike, phayargyi strike and multi-religion strike took to the streets & staged a joint protest demanding for the immediate fall of military dictatorship despite the difficulties. sep14coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
abolish religion embeddedurl
autumn__fox meachamdr laurenboebert what’s not relevant is religion tied to our government. if the founding fathers wanted a government founded on christianity, they damn sure would have added that to the constitution. yet they didn’t because it was one of the reasons they left britian, no freedom of religion.
told niggas true religion was coming back again embeddedurl
funny, interactive, current leader of the jouno religion in twitter and i love kiy for it embeddedurl
toifood we need to respect each religion sentiments like the same way there are restriction in mecca or jerusalem. so why not at mathura to respect hindu sentiments ?
ani liberals: terrorism has no religion it has only religion when it's linked with hindu
cathygraphics2 potus is it refreshing to have a president who harbors millions of infected illegal immigrants under a freeway in texas or is it that he is forcing americans to get the vaccine against their will and against their religion embeddedurl
greekanalyst a combination of the influence of family, religion, traditions, economic insecurity, and social stigma against anything that goes against the norm.
duty2warn she also seems to think there is only one church, one religion.
i wrote a piece last week for abcreligion about why hiding asylum seekers from public view matters embeddedurl
rt yongmochii: solar performing 'sexy back' is my religion. tag yourself i'm jyp embeddedurl
boycott_manyavar bollywood gang never teach/show good qualities of hindu religion?! they are sponsored by any particular religion??!! embeddedurl
bjp4india intend to divide people in religion & caste whereas farmers intend to unite people as farmers, irrespective of religion & caste. live example is strongly running farmersprotest from past 300 days. vikasbkutikri deepsandhu_k sssandhu1 300daysoffarmersprotest embeddedurl
viczinusa any religion that has been in the minority appreciates why this is a necessity. freedom of religion requires freedom from religion.
umang_______ gganeshhh krypton_120 vpsecretariat caste religion north south east west... had enuff... all languages in india are sweet n we r proud of them..
shushuleri the catholic qualifier comes because christian religion is synonymous with the right of politics generally. it’s to show, i am religious but not on the right. it’s more of a thing between the religious left and right than with economic systems
this is my new facebook page for god reconsidered: searching for truth in the battle between atheism and religion. lots of provocative content and i’d appreciate a like: embeddedurl god religion gnosticism mysticism for more info see godreconsidered. com
kryitykal the_applegirl abimbsreal peterstephen91 ulxma hotgirlauta christianity did not start in syria. it started in antioch, greece. meanwhile, christianity is not the major religion in israel.
binged midnight mass on netflix this weekend and absolutely loved it. mike flanagan's best work, to my mind. where some films catch a glimmer of greatness exploring death, redemption and religion, midnight mass catches fire. embeddedurl
:globe_showing_asia-australia::globe_showing_europe-africa: saying their religion is to pray to a person that told them i don't work for the government. don't put your burden on me.
disclosetv i see why the taliban are crushing them like dust! what an insult to the body of christ. must it be a church? why can't these beasts create their own religion? it's the end of the west and i am here for it. farewell satan.
sparklemajorkey completely ignored and forgotten. even sikh men (who wear turbans as a part of their religion) were being beaten and some even murdered after the attacks. all in the name of "revenge".
afam_bu_aikay cchukudebelu i am merely asking you ipob members to think outside the box that you have constructed for yourselves. as a group you lack adaptive thinking and stick to positions like it is a religion. frankly there is no difference between you people and the buharists.
s_osby rhithmdivine skirtgrass spcaint she is not there. someone has lied to them about mohammad. some people are just mean and it has nothing to do with religion. look at the animals who are abused in the us. the taliban has nothing to do with it.
seankev doylebhoy1 elduderino5555 angelahaggerty well the monarch is the supreme govener of the protestant church of england and head of state, so what would be the point in having a catholic as the figurehead of any other religion other than a catholic one, jesus you are a thick cunt
rt tam_resist: frcdc so what? america does not have a state religion. see: the american revolution, pilgrim.
rt aabhas24: lot of us need to understand following: 1) -isms 2) religion of all neo-atheism is the most radical religion currently.
annladenberger afammusician michaelzarrabi golfsobad borderaussiemom the church was always there (temple/synagogue). all was required was spreading the word. the romans being the great opportunist when they saw a means of controlling their vast empire, hijacked the jewish religion and named it christianity.
these talks look great, as does the overall theme of the series. i’m often intrigued (and frustrated!) by the thought of the cult materials that are less likely to survive in the archaeological record. discussions of minoan and mycenaean religion can often inevitably focus 1/ embeddedurl
lol i mean.. if anyone is still buying that men are becoming muslim because islam is the superior religion lel it is, but for men. you automatically join top tier in an mlm where women worship you just because you have a penis. it makes them feel entitled to perangai mengote embeddedurl
thereformer_santrampalji social reformer saint rampal ji says that our religion is humanity. our race is living being, humanity is our religion. hindu,muslim,sikh, christian,there is no seperate religion. get free book jeene ki rah and gyan ganga. 7daystogofor_avatarandiwas embeddedurl
alarabiya_eng larossa05 the same applies to the vast majority of the german population for freedom of religion. nevertheless, we have many racists here who do not understand wearing headscarves as german. embeddedurl
erinwys benamckee deangeliscorey repdanbishop no religion in schools. no christianity, no islam, no crt. pretty easy to understand
if you think they care about the racial and sexual minorities one millimeter further than they're useful to them, i've got a bridge to sell you too. vile, evil religion. embeddedurl
lesson continues today at masjid abi hurairah (5pm). [title: some principles to bear in mind in order to understand our religion] spare some time to acquaint yourself with these principles transmitted from upright scholars, such as the likes of imaam as-sadi [rahimahullaah].
meghaarunodayam laserfocus69 he converted to sinhalite formate of buddhism thru rahul sankrityayan and bhante dharmpal. buddism was religion of land, not part of sanatan since surrender of ramgupt.
afp ln24 lci cnn journalist diplomacy foreignpolicy religion bible biblestudy theology scripture prophecy christianity christian endtimes islam chrétien 2021 09 26 the world day of migrants and refugees (angelus) embeddedurl via youtube
sabri came to see its reform theology as little more than a calque on enlightenment ideas of religion. his views became influential with the muslim brotherhood through his close relationship with hasan al-banna during his 24 years of exile in egypt during early kemalist period
build the strongest relationship with god the almighty and not with the religion. religion is scum
coureurmaskwa jamiescribbles the idea that christians let others "live in peace" is laughable. when christians stop trying to pass laws based on christianity, i will stop fighting against it. until then, i will not let your religion oppress my rights. btw the majority of religions don't believe in your god.
ankurjain1811 1aakashjain youngjainsindia logical reasoning & understanding is sometimes important than traditions, be it any sect or any religion. however low voice u speak in, the microorganisms are there, it is hence better to cover mouth/nose. but in the end, to each their own. i can only share the logic behind it.
fecityfan markefried varindersingh24 i can't have the bible without religion. not that i have to believe in god to read the bible, but if christianity (and judaism) never existed, there would be no bible. every benefit that a believer of the bible derives from it, they derive from religion.
soowuniverse7 yea but still diving your country in two parts just one the basis of religion is literally a bs idea
given the lack of evidence for the claims of religion and the mass of evidence against, just holding a religious faith is radical.
seekeroftruth0 driven2drink not necessarily. i think there is more common ground than we think. like the idea that a secular country is a better country than one that imposes a religion on its citizen.
fredmacken fedorlives1889 i didn't even really make an analytic statement, it's an argument regarding what kind of religion and politics would be good for us. these types of exchanges are beside the point in my view
i spoke of human civilisation (state establishment context) not indian. humans civilisation from beginning has an imperceptible classification into groups of people based on religion namely hinduism, islam, then there were other old tribal religions too that now don't exist. embeddedurl
president biden separates the catholic views from laws on abortion that enforce laws granted by our constitution. religion is not our rule of law in government (and we have no right to impose our religion on others) :the constitution is embeddedurl
rt _umaraziz: it's a big oof when your only audience is peeps who didn't make it by 40 so now run to religion for a sliver of identity
hakim81698790 anitape54778018 nytimes i don’t think anything justifies bombing. i’m strongly against war. i’m concerned because i’m a human being with a conscience and i care about people’s dignity and safety, regardless of race or religion. as a woman, i also see this as a truly horrendous breach of power.
abdoul_mufc ankaboy so we know this, but whenever there's uprising against perceived insult against a particular religion as in the salman rushdie casae, muslims descend on innocent christians in the north
jrwjohn noholyscripture i agree, religion is used to make people work hard in the belief that once they die they'll get a reward. it was basically created by the powerful to control the weak.
protest against military dictatorship by phayargyi strike & multi-religion strike from mandalay un_noprocrastination whatshappeninginmyanmar sep14coup embeddedurl
moral court (mark anthony dibello & larry elder) embeddedurl via youtube larry elder running for governor in california, shown on his tv show years ago where he was a judge. great episode on religion and an annoying co-worker.
manusmritiquote manusmriti says "a woman is never fit for independence"! these are the regressive ideas that rss and its upper caste supporters want to impose in india! again! how is the rss different from the taliban? different religion - but same regressive shit! embeddedurl
thanks for helping us get the word out about americansunited know your rights guides, eric engle of americanatheist. indeed, true freedom of religion does include freedom from religion. embeddedurl religiousfreedom separationofchurchandstate
kreamzy instablog9ja growing up we have so many women that had kids with 4 to 5 men, it has always been like this just that they were filled with religion hypocrisy
new post: the department of education misuses public funds for in-service training of religion teachers embeddedurl
trying to checkmate the 5g satan microchip vaccine police by saying it’s against my religion
allsevz i have not learned what i share through repetition of sacred texts, controlled by religion, what i share is directly experienced and evidenced by others. i am not, nor have i ever asked for belief. i merely state the truth of my findings and invite you to try.
lecture_slide amrinfatema110 doctorwhothefuc first of all carp is not a proper word, and if you were looking for a word crap then you don't deserved to be called a muslim, islam was not the religion of this region and it was arabs who brought it here. being modest isn't science , if someone wnats to wear hijab let them be
check out this listing i just added to my poshmark closet: true religion billy super t jean straight blue 32. embeddedurl shopmycloset poshmarkapp
spoilers divergences from the books: - religion is widespread - robots are known to have existed/dimerzel is known to be one -the empire attacks anacreon - massive attack on trantor - seldon is on the ship to terminus - raych is a much different character foundation embeddedurl
religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as useful. – seneca the younger
we are thrilled to announce the booklaunch of christie chui-shan chow's schism! register for the panel hosted by the liu institute for asia and asian studies today! china religion fri. oct 15, 2021, 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm via zoom register here: embeddedurl embeddedurl
i have witnessed hundreds of chickens die while travelling to valley frm india and the ones half alive & dehydrated not a single sip of water is given to them...subjected to kicks & end up in slaughtering them most of humans are horrible no matter frm which religion embeddedurl
embeddedurl true religion men jeans black straight 32x34 cott embeddedurl
my friend from high school is apart of that religion where they wear skirts & dresses all the time. i can’t remember the name, well i made a comment that i don’t believe i could be apart of something that dictates what i then says that’s what god wants = modesty.
paulett20997141 arash_sadeghii unfortunately, iranian governments always lie to us about many things. they abuse religion only for their own expediency . they are selfish and oppress people; just like taliban . we always need global political and civil pressures to achieve basic human rights in iran .
soychicka ericgarland clergy, religion in general, judges, politicians, really any occupation at the height of power should be investigated regularly. unmask these creeps and make them face justice in public court
frcdc no, just, no religion does not belong in schools. that's why there are churches and places for religions to practice their beliefs. read the constitution and the separation of church and state your religious beliefs are just that, yours
mcoakslick lasanhist religion is inevitable, i would rather choose my lord and repent than be forced to accept the state sponsored antichrist.
httweets bollywood_life boycottpathan is negative for hindu religion of india for our country embeddedurl
boycotttexas fascistgop keep your religion out of my uterus! embeddedurl
in_blogger shreyan08707151 bhai statue of unity sbse bda he, wo kyu bnaya? itna bda bnane ki kya jrurat thi? aur hanuman ji, ram ji, shiv ji, ke bhi bde bde statue he wo kyu he? phle apne religion ka dekhlo bhai, aapka jab mamla set ho jaye tab dusro ki baat krna
these type of people really think they are doin dakwah. but missed the part respect other peoples culture and religion agar tidak mendatangkan fitnah kepada agama. embeddedurl
the best way to maintain and keep a good family name for long isn't by bearing male children but by teaching our children to impact lives and let humanity be their religion. it's either you are acting like human to keep a clean soul in order to maintain a good name, or you are... embeddedurl
the responsibility for the possible chaos will be on president djukanovic and his dps that has been fueling the religious tensions ever since they voted the controversial law on the "freedom of religion" in 2019.
you don’t need religion to be a decent and kind person
schuyler_thorpe same ones that want to regulate which religion is ok, what women can do with their bodies, who can vote, and who gets their tax dollars. the same ones that continually vote themselves into their own prisons.
aliabutt kanyadaan or gharwapsi these are our traditions when a mulsim girl acts like a hindu in an ad and tries to mock our religion, we know where its going... after all javedmiya farhanmiya shabumadam are all a part of your herd and walk the same path! embeddedurl
marinamedvin the religion of peace
tulsigabbard randpaul gop flsenate govrondesantis newyorkfed fbi federalreserve whitehouse unhumanrights intlcrimcourt potus cia flsheriffs govkathyhochul gregabbott_tx cagovernor tsa scotus pfpaofficial odnigov nsagov civilrights embamexeua germanyun mfa_russia govbrazil usembsl incindia congressdotgov deptofdefense dhsgov nchstats labcorp crewcrew fdrlst religion is a chance to learn and make a relationship with god and advanced souls it's not a sport by which you forget basic rules of decency and run wild like wild jungle animals with no remorse for life human rights please stop this torturing of me targeting of us create peace
sanfedericoval w g but don’t say stuff about religion it makes a lot of ppl angry
congress symbol the hand, can be seen in every religion. it means don't be afraid of the truth! - rahulgandhi rahulthecommander embeddedurl
dera sacha sauda is such an institution in the world where every caste, religion etc. is respected and sons explain to daughters as equal, that's why saint dr gurmeetramrahim ji has started many works to make daughters strong happydaughtersday dssnewsupdates embeddedurl
berniesanders the religion of socialism is sloth and envy
..have been able to ultimately survive. through the peace treaty imam hasan (a) saved the lives of many shi'ah, especially imam husayn (a). the treaty was also a way of safeguarding and protecting the religion of islam.
this video explains what was happening in arab world before islam was born. harsh weather, rough terrain, lawless tribes, war, revenge, bloodshed. islam for the first time unified these tribes and ended war. that's why it's called religion of peace. embeddedurl
reaper's avatar is called lemure; "the lemures were shades or spirits of the restless or malignant dead in roman religion ... lemures may represent the wandering and vengeful spirits of those not afforded proper burial or funeral rites by the living." garlean flavour voidsent
varangerex firstjohnsmith wasphyxiation berdy31 totally. also think it’s a lesson in not allowing yourself to become so intoxicated by memes that you lose your grip on reality and end up destroying your life. the race thing became their religion and now they live in the ghetto w/the neet autists & schizos incels
if hindus stop taking meat for 1 week, everything will be sorted and jhatka will start being served. for once think of the monopoly of a stuff which is not in accordance of your religion. why are you gorging such stuffs? for once, ignore your taste buds and saynotohalal
ghinsenk markandeye hanawiha deepakstgt nzherald hey mo..on.. in this all were involved.. it was congress sponsored... not religion... so shit up.. terrorist..
thereformer_santrampalji sant rampal ji maharaj ji is strongly against caste system, untouchability and other forms of discrimination based on age, color, disability, gender, race, religion and social status. 7daystogofor_avatarandiwas embeddedurl
— . . oh. . another nun? . . what does this place have with religion? . . — embeddedurl
my poetry deals with religion, addiction, and art. literature poetry poetrycommunity poetrylovers writingcommunity writing thoughtoftheday dailymotivation wisewords dailyupdate writercommunity writerscafe writercommunity poets independent theology art creative
irmelville tommothebiglad resilient_vet you just want control of people. tell them what they should do & not do. you are an ”anti-religion nut job” wanting to control those who want to be able to celebrate their faith. stop communism...just leave people alone... let freedom reign.
buddhism is third largest religion of world after islam and christianity; jainism and sikhism are also good option, sanatandharma brahminism is poisonous and cancerious full of blindfaith orthodoxy ritualism and discrimination of human beings by birth rather than ability & merit.
rt the_wordist: i think i need to learn my religion once again... is there any handle who understands the core of islam?
and this will go on and on for centuries as long as we think allowing missionaries to spread poison is freedom of religion. this definition of freedom of religion is made by missionaries only because it benefits them with their global dominance. 3/4
davidtomei5 jennycohn1 senwhitehouse ronwyden many many other religions. many of the founders where freemasons who believed in many forms of religion. from religion form of believing in nature to all kinds of things. which form of christianity is approved in her mind
being in a position of power gives you all the tools you need to be antichrist. all you have to do is lean in. | the devil in you embeddedurl religion faith vershalhogan faithonview fov
8sept_avatarandiwas a religious rural indian, will impregnate the entire world with religion, happiness and peace for the forthcoming thousands of years. must watch sadhna tv 7:30 pm. saintrampaljim satlokchannel embeddedurl
rt capricorn_hu: india is not safe for any religion capricorn_hu indiabehindthreats
rt mustafakamalmkk: theocracy is the worst enemy of women in any religion.
dhritarashtra18 yusuf24415189 jawadmi32367198 s_4_g_ baldwynking hasnainyounas25 lol nope. muslims don't follow that. and naa, pakistan was predominantly budhhist. and originally followed indus religion. hindus burn their dead while ancient indus people (my ancestors) buried their dead. you can see pics of their graves in harappa and mohenjodaro.
rt syksweaterpaws: when they ask for my religion i say its sykkuno embeddedurl
i’ll be marching. i’d like to attend the one that’s closest to wherever abbott will be working that day. he needs to see numbers. i do not stand for his brand of control-freak anti-liberty “liberty” and anti-life “pro-life”. not through the polls. not through religion. not at all embeddedurl
ronricci9 jerasikehorn religion and crime: both worse when they’re organized.
i firmly believe that religion and politics should never be mixed together. nothing is worse than this for a society and this has been proven time and again, it results in only one thing, carnage of innocent people, loss of innocent lives and resurgence of hatred in society.
strnnk_ jackposobiec not in the constitution, 1st amend. congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof;....
muneeb_speaks but what has shorts and flip flops got to do with religion and nationalism
iamsrk i saw muslim stars in bollywood contribute to spreading other religious beliefs, but!! i have not seen stars from other religions publish anything related to the islamic religion!!
dpknambiar bugsabee its so called"religion that keeps those temple elephants captive .they suffer untold abuse everyday under the guise of religion ... so i think the use of for religious reasons needs discussing, we can't just ignore this !!!
blightyuk presumably she hasn't relinquished her muslim religion - which would be fatal, literally. she is in a muslim country - is the display of hair & flesh plus the wearing of baseball caps common amongst local women? is she 'ms 21st century' when cameras are turned off? shamimabegum
sharewithsajan gemsofbollywood but they are aware of one motive , confuse and destroy hindu religion.
rt flyness_fly: god in my genes that's the true religion god body by itslaycon embeddedurl
chipfranklin mayoisspicyy honestly, no. i wouldn’t eat there, but as owner he is within his rights to establish a dress code. same holds true of an owner who wants to require mask wearing. it would different if he was violating a public health mandate or discriminating against a race, religion, etc.
religion and worldviews survey result (culham st gabriel's) - nearly two thirds (64%) of the uk adult population think that an education in religion and worldviews (or re) is an important part of the school curriculum today embeddedurl
privatelynda that's not religion. that's a full on grift. they are all in the wings laughing at the stupidity of the people in the audience handing over their hard earned money to these con men. this is evil. the only thing religious about this is the devil is running the show!
stuckndamid it’s not a religion, it’s a cult. embeddedurl
byayobami .........i think this conversation as reached its crux. but in the end religion, doesn't and should not have an upper hand in any conversation about the development of civilization. there are other options.
davenewworld_2 what religion allows exemptions to infect others?
atheistrepublic i would say remove religion from the title when they remove it from their laws, policies and politics.
graduating high school with honors and receiving awards with with no one to celebrate with me still hurts and knowing that my family was not there due to a potent mixture and religion and abuse. makes me want to be angry but all i feel is sadness.
rt adeadeyinka10: why nigerians love religion more than god??? embeddedurl
gennyschoolsyou philosophytube women against the erosion of their rights are largely f/ the left, but its a broad coalition of women f/ everywhere, every country, sexuality, age, religion, feminist & non feminist. we are not anti trans. dont pretend you know anything about us, you dont know what we believe.
sjaeyuncomm hi! we have a subject about the sociology of religion po
lorri1962 they don’t care about your religion that’s why.
cnnpolitics those of us who value a democracy and free american society regardless the ethnicity, color, religion or present political party affiliate will vote against all trump and trump party policy to insure all our us freedoms we worked hard for over the last 250 years of achievements!
ilana_who_ i dont know. really depends on what you believe in. if you believe jews have a right to self determination as a people then i guess you would see reality different. if you think of judaism as merely a religion then i can see your point.
chr3 the best songs rock pop dance latino np losing my religion - r.e.m. on embeddedurl embeddedurl
nadiahussain_nh nadiahussain_nh our religion has taught us that wife of pharoh bibi asiya will go in jannah whereas pharoh.. well everybody knows about it.. let's nt b blind about it!
stevenw44946909 johnnyd_cm phuketword dunn7227 badibulgator ashiepopper garethkett luccaskunk laughchem jasmogoth lamprey2020 robdogthetopdog maxsec whoopsbuni davidveillon5 winkymcdinky bikinatroll yorkshirenative glad2batheist mondmann42 jonathandavide7 cobraeldiablo scottofthebruce sirhc_91 australispiper forusu mrssimp33413365 noahpaullegies mostly_monkey gr8believer eric_anderson74 tsunami_64 donaldgrunden1 please draw the flat earth. if you cant draw well, then use a 3d modeling software. or screenshot a model that you follow. i want a bigger understanding of what you're on about. because the firmament model requires religion.
respecting religion has led to millions of women roaming the earth, sequestered, anonymous, hiding their beauty behind a man-imposed veil. women bear the brunt of nefarious, manmade religions.
primalpolitical something needs to be done to justify the importance of religion to the rational mind, or it’ll die out in the west. the case for supporting it’s existence is the case for supporting our own survival
incarnationday_santrampalji the purpose of saint rampal ji is that all human beings, irrespective of caste, creed, colour, religion, they all worship the one perfect supreme god kabir saheb and return to our original abode, satlok, where there is no pain of birth and death. embeddedurl
if religions weren't a complete fabrication there would be no need for blasphemy laws. the fact that such laws exist is a declaration by religious authorities that religion can't withstand any rational argument. blasphemyday
this guy. let's help this dude be famous also will people stop using religion as a reason to be craptastic humans. get the word out folks. also do something good for no reason. because there's too much bad in the world. justbecause bebetter dobetter neverokay embeddedurl
uppolice and after all policeman forced me to pay to the second party apart from decided amount with pending task and say ki uska moharam hain usko payment kro hisaab baad me dekhenge .bcz both related to same religion and might be relatives.
it’s interesting when a member of any religion says laws should be made of their religion, because what is good for the good will also be good for the gander. tomorrow another religion will rise and say they and their god is the law, so now tell me where do you go from there? embeddedurl
tanijrou why did i think you said religion and rengoku
thetrudz "atheism is a religion" is rhetoric, and rather silly as such. but atheism does entail a vast commitment to negation. it is, by its nature, an overarching belief about the nature of reality. but in practice, it is usually a narrow rejection of some received theistic belief system
stephanajensen conceptualjames clairlemon psychrabble jdhaltigan zaidjilani cathyyoung63 ok, absent a reference point - like divine sanction - what if majority loses faith in liberal democracy? should it still remain the goal in its own right? the belief in human rights, western values etc. sounds more and more like religion without a deity with each passing year...
i was listening to “ she’s my religion” and remembered them god i miss them embeddedurl
rt lanceusa70: if your religion says you have to hate, degrade, disparage, and condemn another human being - you need a new religion.
mattwalshblog so you break with your religion & thus become a heretic... and she becomes a persecutor?
5eyes6sense rvaidya2000 in every religion there are sc,obc even in muslims
thehill seriously deranged. nothing personal mate, it’s me religion innit?
new punjab cm charanjitchinni said that state will be run according to religion. sherryontopp also used famous sikh quote to say that state can't be run without the religion and everybody is oppressed and suppressed in the absence of religion. iepunjab indianexpress embeddedurl
jomariejenna1 men made their gods to reinforce the order & heirarchy in their communities. religion is artificial. so are their gods.
lindyli noraviscosi unfortunately lindy, that is what they believe and it's giving the rest of us more open-minded and liberal christians a bad name! i am personally for letting one's actions show who we really are! not bragging about our religion and definitely not forcing it upon others!
separating mental illnesses is almost pointless now if you think most people aren't suffering from some form of brain disease, you ain't looking i would argue it's everyone greed is a form of mental illness as is religion that pretty much covers everyone
lenniemerrick1 … heal it. we’re fed up with the divide the msm are trying to cause as they’ve done it with religion, the colour of a person’s skin, male/female etc. a peaceful happy world is what we want.
vradke quidrises vickie627 sciencereason17 sapienwoman raginxcajun jencages medwoman1 alkivari 16po ahrehead jgainsbourgh atriana smashli1228 meljonesladadee ladyfey12 coxeanne notabrokenthing nevergetfooled badams820 emsops stevieanntas jesus_is_g_d sheryl47633097 tylerwillett10 philbrown62 aimhighffw vincegottalotta 1quetzalcoatl1 katsimkhovitch robyn87651971 adorablepodcast adampiersen traveler3906 heather4amazon janekn0wsbest pattysmattyvt el_4ru3yj vixmcintyre remoteandie chronic_chels nbrink77 drrosenpenis500 pennyaxa _dream_out_loud mariejo45528473 theabortiongirl brian_alford rod49_j the_real_bim liar you continually condemn and judge people if they don’t agree with your personal version of religion. you tell them ok that’s your choice but you are going to be judged and end up being punished.
monica_gill1 no problem in doing aarti of ganpati bappa. what are you trying to say here. we are sikhs not talibaani. you yourself a sikh women but u know how much you follow the religion so dont judge everyone else. start with urself
itsallryt his child wont vote for religion because of the education. that is what matters
nbatv nba kingjames espn sportscenter sportsnet nypost nytimes stephencurry30 firsttake undisputed getupespn nfl nflnetwork nfl nba blm blacklivesmatter nba players to revolt against "vaccination slavery":nba denied religion exemptions... embeddedurl
swaccccurtis nothing to do with taliban! their views on abortion is nothing like the extreme catholic that u are targeting by comparing them to muslims! own u to ur religion stop being racist!
c_stroop my mom was so scarred from the nuns, she got in a verbal fight with one when she dropped me off late to ccd class when i was 8. pulled me out of class right then and i've never been back to the church since. i took a comparative religion class in college. been atheist ever since!
religion and homosexuality which is which? if your parents were homosexual where would you be? kfcbbansgayfilm embeddedurl
mynamejeff81507 natererun not in the true religion jacket chile-
1/2 “if there is any fixed star in our constitutional constellation, it is that no official, high or petty, can prescribe what shall be orthodox in politics, nationalism, religion, or other matters of opinion or force citizens to confess by word or act their faith therein.”
spider-man twitter needs to chill. i've said it before and i'll say it again... stan lee and steve ditko didn't create spiderman to generate this much negativity all the time. this isn't religion guys. just relax and watch a spider boy swing a line and punch a crime. embeddedurl
neighbour_s 4corners what has been done and said in the name of religion - whether jw or any other - has caused more mystery and death and destruction over the past 2000 years than all other causes combined.
rifatjawaid practicing or non-practicing doesn't matter. this logic isn't apt. suggestions must always be welcome. didn't speak on that so can't speak on this is overrated. it is muslims/muslim society that need reform, not islam. islam is the most misunderstood religion.
daedenilus thedailyshow i contend there is no such thing as a place where the people "don't do religion". religion is ubiquitous, and to an extent, part of human nature. where are these places you claim exist?
mehdirhasan margreis9 christian, christian, christian. i am a modified catholic. and i love we have no state religion. mtg is so extreme and arrogant and like too many republicans, will ignore the constitution and even make fascist moves to get her way.
zomzilove i can see that being a problem with any religion though. as long as no one disrespects anyones culture i dont get it at all.
salon freedom from religion.
motherjones isn't religion ideal for this given its basis in lack of evidence or facts, and in spite of 2000 yrs of making things up?
whoreswiffer_ in my religion we believe in cremation and idk about organs yet.
for those using religion as an excuse to not get vaccinated, if god told you to get vaccinated to help those around you or you'll die, what would you choose to do?
agentc1983 dekinblus acunashair21 c_stroop eh not really, not if you know the process and issues that many geologists admit come with it. but you just believe it. it is a faith. religion.
saintrampaljim godmorningmonday kabir parmeshwar ji came alive and met jambheshwar ji maharaj (the founder of bishnoi religion) in samrathal. explained his philosophy. visit us- satlok ashram youtube channel embeddedurl
your religion does not get to control my body. i could have respected people being religious and all that but i can’t when you are the one forcing your views down everyone’s throat. just like you accused lgbtq+ folks of doing. it’s all the accusers who are guilty.
debbiehayton louisestewartls unherd if it were a religion, then folk standing for alt beliefs would be more welcomed. women, wish to protect women's rights. the data on their sex has a protected status. they are doing nothing wrong. the crap thrown at women, by tra, has stopped me caring about trans right 100%
vishal_a_sawant rashmifantasy kanwars19347458 charupragya look , we can't even protect or manage to project news like this one,when people from our religious society are attacked and brutaly killed for apparently loving his culture or religion , but if it was a peaceful religion guy you know they would demand justice for a terrorist too embeddedurl
rt reginaldalawso1: ''a host body''???? ... and here you have the ignorance and bigotry of religion, at it's most vile!!!!
olusitano afleder aig do explain the "science" in genesis, please? also, are you implying you need religion to be a good person? funny, i have never been to church and think religion is a brown stain on the britches of humanity, yet i don't do harm to people. murderers in prison are very religious
zabedabedoo nah i’m just upset that you had to bring down the rest of the atheist bc of him. him disrespecting your religion is already so low of him. yet, you brought yourself down to his level to match his energy. could’ve used something better to counter that
interesting equality and diversity infographs about our student population whatever your religion or beliefs, our new religiousbelief stats shows you can find a community here at unibirmingham diversityandinclusion embeddedurl
ax2n38 carniphage garym9999 tklforgiven randolf828 swordfinger glad2batheist jrockmcgrizzle zypisfy horusrage secularsandwich theobserver2021 wolfpak561 afperezb9 theclockistick2 cern_lxxl zapher134 pg13scottwatson jesus_is_g_d gregrickard1 davidjdennison1 debbiepalm44 yourmumspants perdnoot oswald1160 rmbctious catgod24 vfracos alan244g tcunderdahl dylon59556561 username4what kevin64348250 duke1ca __helicon__ leyfenix tristyjones citi_zensane awayfromthekeys vincybigj ublasphemist rafearia gerryblevins markfromalbany mandy_rabble google atheism is not a “religion of denial.” if i claim to have a dragon living in my house, would you believe me without evidence? would you tell other people, “april has a dragon in her house, i know this to be true?” if not, perhaps you belong to the religion of dragon-denial.
gerb_the_enby satanic_temple_ returntoorder the satanic temple was created to counter religious groups passing laws that would limit the freedom of others (such as anti abortion laws). by making abortions a part of the temple’s “religion”, these groups have trouble restricting them due to religious freedom
it isn’t something out of the blue that you are seeing division in ethiopia along different lines (ethnicity, religion ...). when individuals filled with hate get on power, it has a destabilizing effect. listen to what daniel kibret said about muslims. embeddedurl
satindia khazransays jo14674031 sarah_e614 sexprofsofia as a jew, i can tell you that the biblical origins of my own religion are drenched in blood. (have you read the book of joshua, for starters.) but i would not judge the value of my faith based on that, just as i would not judge islam on what you allege about muhammad. /3
nemirovskyjames neloangelo314 ashleysteers z21mazinger gthegreyfox 17irih dxron2 he "clintoned" himself with fake percocets made with fentanyl. exact replicas down to the bottle label. he was dependant on pain killers because his hips were in such bad shape from performing over the years. he would not allow himself to be operated on due to his religion.
nullifidianmom the second coming. i mean, is he bragging or what? he’ll probably ask how he was and then of course there’s no talk of us coming at all. very selfish religion.
abba who tells d real, sorry, tale of india. commu combat, 2002. 9th anniv issue, yr 9 no. 80."it is nt hinduism tht is resp for d carnage & shd nt be blamd.d misguided radicals wre xtremists, follwrs of xtremism,whch is a religion in itself" abbajaan embeddedurl
another religious report involving mostly men that think their best chance to carry out disgusting acts on children is to hide under the guise of religion,all religions they aren’t priests,vicars, imams or rabbis or whatever else they call themselves they’re just peadophiles
despite the presence of terrorists in the city, mandalay multi religion strike staged a rally calling for the military rule to be overthrown immediately. revolutionfordemocracy sep16coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
zubymusic bi-partisanship confuses people. you have to buy into either religion- i mean political party.
as a result of khomeini seizing power in 1979 (in addition to multiple other factors), we are now reaping the harvest of fanaticism & zealotry as he unleashed a hybrid of religion that has spawned extremists
daisy1111111111 modicoolboy a_rehman910 kachra_se iamsrk you are literally insulting others believes and saying quran doesn't teach you insult ones religion??
dalepowers0404 rexchapman therecount you can't promote one religion above the rest. that's the point here. "restore god in our communities" that's not something a governor should declare. i don't care what religion you practice, that's a personal choice. it should never be made to be someone elses choice.
1jzgte2000 mikepompeo except most who declare faith publicly and use religion as some kind of rod are phony and do it for votes
landonfisch m_christianity aeconomu timkellernyc where’s the religion in that?
one of the problems about requiring scholarly sources for everything in polytheist religions is that academics are mostly either non-theists or monotheists. a lot of the spiritual & unexplained parts of religion are reduced or ignored when they don't serve an academic theory. 1/5
st. eugene 6th grade religion-building community in the classroom and connecting with classmates by interviewing each other and learning new things about one another. sesyonkers michaeldeegan10 drnoellebeale archny_schools cwcatholicschls archnycathid embeddedurl
he was not a household name, but john shelby spong was a transformative writer on religion. for the church as a whole and me personally. his 1991 book rescuing the bible from fundamentalism opened my eyes. embeddedurl
duncanhenry78 this feels a bit like michelangelo. we just take away the divisions/definitions and focus on the human hand reaching for that other one. just like that, no matter the side, party, idea, religion, colour, belief.. how about truly evolve into that kind of community in 2021? &gt;
religion? embeddedurl
thereformer_santrampalji sant rampal ji maharaj is refprming the society and making us follow the only religion that is humanity. all the evils are eradicating by taking initiation and listening to the true knowledge. 7daystogofor_avatarandiwas embeddedurl
rt freehumanity911: tucker carlson calls “the cult of coronavirus” — a “religion” embeddedurl
chadsp70 randal_everitt midwestmomts the evangelical religion is nothing but mind-control with a political agenda.
wearefucked__ suckerburgh jason_clinch sootytweet you know conservatives have a very very specific view on any kind of freedom - it is exclusively for them. free speech? only for conservative views. freedom of religion? impose christian values on all regardless. it is almost like they don't even know what the word means.
daedbo itsthejody tatereeves it’s scientifically and legally and morally not murder. keep your damn religion out of laws. it’s your type that has made me say “damn” religion.
big hugs!*happy tuesday light*& love to you!*have a fun safe day!*dear god please forgive my offensive words of my mouth!*if anyone thinks he is religious!*& does not bridle his tongue but deceives his heart!*this person's religion is worthless! embeddedurl embeddedurl
ohyessratii unarguably the best telegram channel free thinker? love to discuss cutting-edge sides to life? religion and belief system? psychology? sex and sexuality? movie reviews?etc. so many real life topics and experiences to learn from. subscribe now :backhand_index_pointing_down_medium-dark_skin_tone: embeddedurl
timesnow unemployment so high that people have employed these ‘goonda’s’ to stop people on the road and ask their religion? kuch nahi hoga is country ka!
homeoffree61 i do believe in god. sadly, tho, today’s version of christians don’t believe there is anything except their version of god and religion. very sad!!!
common_sense_71 islam in general has its faults as does any religion, but it is not a death cult
1) it isn’t, if you’ve actually read it. 2) it espouses a whole lot of other values that y’all toss out with the trash. 3) yours isn’t the only religion in the country. embeddedurl
calling it "texas taliban" isn't making some reasoned global religious critique. it's targeting one religion. if someone needs to hear "taliban" to get worked up about misogynistic practices sourced from our own culture and religions they are being islamophobic, not enlightened. embeddedurl
rdcopple rainmaker1973 and one in which you agree that it was a failure. seems like by that logic you shouldn't speak on religion since you aren't one.
uk_unification ready2mix davidjobrexit what we need is more freedom of speech! we should be able to disagree and express opinions about certain cultures, religion, behaviour without linking this to race. i understand your point-those who are shouting the loudest about racism are the once!
twitdinosaur dreamerhyena brendanbrendak1 people are just as bad nowadays,but after 9/11 if was like a free for all to be racist with no repeocussions. my family is proud lebanese immigrants it was heartbreaking to have to hide your religion for safety. to this day the males in my family will drive 4days over flying
kevinsixx13 white religion really drills into women, esp uneducated women, that they are to submit to male partner or they are not good christians. girls are treated like crap early so they internalize it
no: god is the keystone to the edifice we call religion; religion is a grift because we all know we are going to die and don’t want that to happen. so religion sells us life after death, the greatest scam of all time. embeddedurl
theleoterrell larryelder no better way to show the fact that they care not about anything but power for their lefty religion
rashmidvs secular religion embeddedurl
religion and caste embeddedurl
oniondogs see i thought about this too but i wouldnt know about targon since they already discriminate people based on their uhm religion? idk the technical term for it
advaidism i think,these priests have a defnite plan,these days they are failing to covert young men&women in love marriages,they are not willing to change religion,but go for love marriage without changing religion&remain happy thereafter,that is the worry& concern of priests
scottjelfs briantylercohen fair point, scott. the issue i have with the ongoing abortion debate is this. people rant on about their "freedoms" and government not taking them away. how then,can anyone justify taking away a woman's right of control over her body? religion? politics? each are personal belief.
davemjo1 carbonlogix nkippur colossalsorrow thehuck_59 robtanner83 labourlewis weirdfigs uklabour you are trying to make some point about religious indoctrination but there are irreligious jews who support israel. it’s more than religion just like jews are more than just a religious group. we are a people.
teaching assistant, rel-1002: exploring religion: world’s religions (fall 2021) – apply today ! embeddedurl
try my legit services in math chem biology essay due paper write english paper pay case study essaypay homework online class. religion book review assignment chemistry physics. history econometrics marketing discussion dm stacypapers embeddedurl
the nhs has become a religion. i never thought this cultish aspect of the socialised health service as it has developed could bend science, but it has. it is extraordinary and rather scary. more and more doctors are speaking out, although they do so at some personal risk.
davidsimi97 edidiongjoshua4 thebriden well i don’t think uniport is what it used to be,not since 2016 after the riot, the vc then prof. lale made sure it became a glorified secondary school,expelled 172 students of religion their roles in the riot,called pta meetings,dress code checks at abuja park gate etc..
iamitperiwal yogi4ind isengarajayy iprabhakarsp naturalphoton shobhamookerje1 arun_ujjain sujangurjarbjp tushar_kn gravim71 samarjeet_n kyu angrezo ko with proof jala rahe ho bhai unka anti-hindu propaganda bust kyu kar rahe ho sanatan dharma bharat the only scientific religion in the world.
rajeshkumar_tt meanieminz religion_dom r_subrahmanian hahahha....just tag me will delete his further posts. just a bunch of nonsense he is posting. lol.
rt ourprogressive: we prefer science over religion. embeddedurl embeddedurl
theview sarahaines republicans don’t care about immigrants! where’s their religion now? they cherry pick when they want to be good.
rt karookowboy: nature is my religion
lalarahul_ind naveenjindalbjp i understand your point but what he has got to do with bringing in religion with new farmer's bill? i never saw him talking and discussing about farmer's bill. all he has got is to establish his political aspiration noting for farmers.
there is no law to stop the citizens mingling with different religion, caste, sex, creed etc, then how come the goondas given bail immediately after their crime?? compolmlr commissionerbreaksilence studentsnotsafeinmangalore embeddedurl
these immigrants from bangladesh( regardless of their religion) has made our state a living hell. us assamese people have become a minority in our own god damn state.over the years they have been able to make fake identities and take our jobs and seats in educational institutions
67karatz kurgatkogeyben petrucc19072582 they are not the ones who wrote it but they did compile it and doctored it from hebrew text. that religion/belief system issued from ancient egyptian practices and hence can't be entirely dismissed as a lie.
crimeinsports imho the race car episodes are invariably the best! oh, and as a canadian who grew up with nhl treated like a religion...i 'do' find your ignorance charming! :-)
miryton cailinaseirinn jkenney what is it that people didn't see that we did? they see a conservative sticker and they vote blue. like a religion...like a cult.
credit- in foreign country to teach her patient's children regarding our religion and festival, prepared by sister on the occasion of janamasthmi
rt eddyrivas: i’ll bet chris pratt’s religion doesn’t even acknowledge the rainbow road
coronadozack karolineanukhet wearback fprefect6 kaievan51294816 or how a/b we stop making excuses for an archaic institution that shames, hurts, & discriminates against ppl who are beautiful & perfectly fine just the way they are no matter who they love. religion is so judgmental that it’s comical ppl think it makes them “better than others” embeddedurl
thereformer_santrampalji initiating social reforms on a large scale. he has pioneered the elimination of dowry-like demons. he has a dowry-free marriage, which is realizing the concept of a human by breaking the walls of caste, religion. 7daystogofor_avatarandiwassant
kenmuokatene njerililian99 ahmednasirlaw ericngeno we need as africans to reexamine or undertake a study of evolution religious development to distinguish and understand a gradual concepts of african religion in a nationalistic and universal context in order to reform our society away from conspirators who distorted our beliefs
julskinka89 real_slutpuppy jinx3d_ cantkillgoose discussingfilm is fucking james bond like a religion in europe lmao
abdullahadam this crappy argument can be used againsts them. islam is religion for arabs only!
houndhumanist jonhammond1701 drfrankturek there are more places where christians will be imprisoned just for saying they believe right next to those nonreligious folks who dont follow any religion who are a majority. in short,whenever atheism has the upper hand, it tends to abuse it. see same rhetorical effect achieved. embeddedurl
rt indieartistz: “music is my religion.” - jimi hendrix embeddedurl
the avatar nostradamus predicted : that religious leader (tatvdarshi saint) with the power of his religion i.e. with power of bhakti and through tatvgyan would overpower all the nations. that religious leader is sant rampal ji. ਸੱਚ_ਦਾ_ਸੰਘਰਸ਼ 5 days to go for avataran diwas
humanrights religion religiousfreedom livewhatyoubelieve womensrights womeninmedia womeninbusiness media mediatraining
like man i took asian/buddhism religion class and i dug into the art aspect for my presentation and it was just fun. even if it's like art for religion, most western ancient artworks also start from there it's just fascinating when you look at it from that
the_real_bim sapienwoman icarus62 derickalsept thelivingkira jesus_is_g_d justifiablewtf philbrown62 badams820 concernedinpv jeffreysharper1 ahrehead quidrises medwoman1 jgainsbourgh maqart55 arumphius emsops meljonesladadee mariejo45528473 janekn0wsbest theabortiongirl traveler3906 adorablepodcast alkivari brian_alford raginxcajun notabrokenthing vincegottalotta rod49_j simpleargonian picklemrs scarlet_lauco vixmcintyre pro13a aquariangoat79 wanderinglord mi_sfrom katsimkhovitch jencages omerta_kittie vickie627 1quetzalcoatl1 politicspot schmevil henriziolkowski mathmomma24 heather_leisure akfeministfrog theoldpoet i think he just recognized one of the differences between horizontal & vertical morality. he probably doesn't not rape because of god/religion, but because it would make him feel horrible to do that to another person. embeddedurl
shefvaidya prasannjoshi some parameters for bias people to make a report are : cast religion state name rulling party in state
a fascinating report by drjademcglynn about 's religious diplomacy, encompassing not only christianity, but also islam, judaism and buddhism. practical and positive recommendations for "western" countries on how to react. russia religion embeddedurl
shubhamb11k anjugaselvan prakash_sonvane rahulgandhi all religion does this. not only christianity
cfcle0 iamfirki why are you dragging religion then ? rice bag
i totally agree! bharat ratna should be taken back from her! it will also signal about our commitment towards no mess in religion change, popularly known as conversion! jay hind! embeddedurl
aisha30597297 rex_mahajan kanukhandelwal4 anasdeen232 osamakha4563 look ... even your name is aisha this is a muslim name... my prophet didn't teached me that .. you got wrong understanding about islam.. we are a forgiveness religion may ..some of people out there in your country did that doings.. this people represents themselves not islam..
meerhadi21 terrorists will not be respected. no need to play victim card on the name of religion. terrorist is a terrorist. that's all.
a religion in india long back had planned to rule the entire country. when literacy was not much in demand they focused on increasing population. when literacy was focused they focused on their own tutors who will teach their subjects. "catch them young" policy where kids are
waifurious amongthefirs limmy79493133 lackingsaint antitheists are also always more than just secular. by definition they are against humanity being religious as a whole; every religion is seen as a scourge or plague, and that people who practice them are somehow less intelligent
kaibeast5 tanischri johnnyc23634303 stacy_mangan libsoftiktok never said there was a problem. you said there’s universities that are 100% white if those students in the original video wanted to attend. it was shown there wasn’t. segregation. in idea, race, religion or belief isn’t the best way to go.
commentary: where has america's common values gone? deep down, one must ask do the majority of americans believe in values that foster a common humanity afforded all citizens regardless of race, religion, economic status, gender, or age. embeddedurl
rt bleedingmarine: hateful bigots like franklin graham are the reason people are leaving organized religion in droves.
ollokot_ are we fighting?? i thought you meant the whole religion
people vastly overestimate the power of spreading awareness but there's very little on civic religion and it helps a lot to give that information for helping people think about their relationship to their country, its "heroes", and its propaganda
sant rampal ji maharaj preaches in his sermons to adopt the noble virtues like -conscience, contentment, love, kindness, forgiveness, modesty, religion, devotion etc. the great saint has taken effective steps against social evils like dowry. saintrampaljim godmorningwednesday embeddedurl
amitshah amitji in constitution we need to make hindu as a religion not hindu as the way of life we need to make these changes & need to make it as hindu rashtra as in 2014 people voted for hindu rashtra
bannarasiya abhi_ag87 osintupdates navroopsingh_ he left a vk post where he explained his actions and clearly mentioned that there is no connection to politics or religion.
alex107568 dmitryopines because of advances in technology people will move and mix more, and in my view this will be a good thing, people will understand that we’re all the same and that we all want the same things. constructs of nationality, race, religion, etc. are all rather artificial in my view.
deltarunechapter2 the universe is so perfect. there is only one god. islam is the true religion. please visit: embeddedurl
theology majors be like “i got a religion due monday”
thereformer_santrampalji saintrampaljim ji is against caste system, untouchability and other forms of discrimination based on age, color, disability, gender, race, religion and social status. 7daystogofor_avatarandiwas embeddedurl
i remember the first time i found religion... embeddedurl
glory charles.: a step in black and white ...bruce lee....we are excited .....hare christner religion ...oxford street london ....bruce lee .... wir angeregt werden ..... hase christner religion ... oxford street embeddedurl
thestrugglefortruth the avatar nostradamus predicted : that religious leader (tatvdarshi saint) with the power of his religion i.e.with power of bhakti and through tatvgyan would overpower all the nations. that religious leader is sant rampal ji. 5 days to go for avataran diwas embeddedurl
are you tired? worn out? burned out on religion?
jackrose1961 mickeytulip although a large number of my family is catholic, i am not. i've made a vast historical study relating to the roman catholic religion, but i don't agree with the foundation of its catechism.
it causes us to wonder why the king wouldn’t believe in the god that david worshiped. i think there are still people like saul today, unbelievers who feel they maybe need “a little religion” to get through a current trauma or crisis. they will go to church every now and then.
and participants in modern-day organized religion would rage at jesus that he is a libtard socialist.
test_religion cnalive embeddedurl
triblive i dunno. religion is responsible for some really horrible things....
percentage of americans who thought religion was gaining influence in the united states a year ago : 38 who think so today : 16 embeddedurl
charlessthomson ur honor,iam sunil kumar, teacher passed ma,writer,staying bangalore,iam founder of world religion as mother earth approved by govt.of india,it's holy book humanism/ humanity,see online,mother protect herchildren as one world one family.anyhow cont me 9791605346
mssirsa cmo_odisha this should be dealt strictly such disrespect for any religion is a crime
only thing that is going to work is teaching our sons to stop behaving like spoilt brats and start respecting women with the same level of decency that they expect for themselves. that will survive the relationship in real sense, regardless of religion / caste binaries.
aintthatameric2 geralds_sarah prageru do you know how many different "gods" humans have believed in throughout history? there are 26 records of the virgin birth throughout the world. study the true history of christianity (or any other religion) and you will see what a farce it is. religion's a mind control mechanism
religion is practices and performances; christ is faith and fruits. christianreligion faith christ
“we can’t say that all religion is making people suffer, but i think there are some teachings and practices in some that are really damaging. she added that religious trauma presents differently depending on the person, their background and experiences. embeddedurl
rakhikush8 can you use below example to explain in your terms? worshipping the one spending millions on his - suit, place where he lives or meditates. but bragging about a religion while the country is on fire - no world recognised vaccine. no respect towards democracy, policies or people?
donmel21 an immoral “religion” that has no place in american society!!!
stop perpetuating the myth. religion poisons everything embeddedurl
cryptoplatty jackposobiec the hebrew religion was not influenced by superstitions about the unknown, as others were. their religion was given to them by one who knows the facts, and he made it clear that it was not his power that was behind occult practices. as god said to them through the prophet moses:
-&gt; embeddedurl download epub the dancing lares and the serpent in the garden: religion at the roman street corner embeddedurl
hello_madeline the unbeliever will burn in hell. just like (almost) every other religion, but they are not the true religion and those who believe in it shall burn in hell. just like (almost) every other religion, but they are not the true religion and those who believe in it shall burn in hell
thenickrudman thetacotwins the kanye situation is interesting, he’s openly struggling with mental illness, and when i scrolled through the song titles, there’s a lot of references to religion. i’ll listen over the weekend, but on the surface, i find it interesting.
hameed_ahd if you r religious its fine, but remember religion is a personal choice of life style, if u forced others to not question ur shitty behaviour which eventually affect everyone surrounding then a person deserve to ask a question without him being killed.
tedcruz the only theocratic religion fully approved by the democrat party.
absorbnix sltrib ch_jesuschrist religion is cherry picking from all previous experiments. religious folks have their own view, like the guy blowing covid from tv screens. it’s much more simple, no one wants to do it, because it’s weak or last place or basic, or whatever adj they give to give to it.
hinduoncampus dghconference the audacity of these people!! will they even dare talk about any other religion this way?! i’m glad they are finally awakening hindus from their slumber and stand for our rights, dharma and truth!
if you’re considering textbooks for spring courses on the topics of 20c u.s. immigration, religion, pluralism, political reform, and/or missionary history, consider assigning my book. and i would be happy to chat with your class via zoom! nyupress embeddedurl
thank you! i’ve had a problem with the religion of christianity for a looooong time. and i also have a problem with fundamental islam also. what it does to women who suffer under it is intolerable for modern society. not to mention lgbt people. embeddedurl
thereformer_santrampalji sant rampal ji maharaj ji is strongly against caste system, untouchability and other forms of discrimination based on age, color, disability, gender, race, religion and social status. 7daystogofor_avatarandiwas embeddedurl
around 130 years back one young man reached america with a desire to represent the most ancient religion of this world. fighting racism, shivering in cold, while spending night in a packing box at chicago railway station,he became more determined.(1/2) embeddedurl
our education system is westernized. our clothing and eating habits too. the religion most of you practise is westernized. why the double-standards? embeddedurl
my religion tells me fighting against oppression is a form of worship. to treat everyone with kindness, and to be just even in anger!
charmagh5 wednesdaysadums (if we're talking formal english writing, i'd be on board with you re capitalisation of c where religion is concerned; but this is twitter.)
protesters from mandalay based mass strike, phayargyi strike and multi-religion strike took to the streets & staged a joint protest demanding for the immediate fall of military dictatorship despite the difficulties. sep14coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
basit_masoodi javedakhtarjadu i don't believe in god and religion but i can risk my life to save your life.
what religion are they following? i am a christian, these people are not christians. embeddedurl
kindle free the territories of human reason: science and theology in an age of multiple rationalities (ian ramsey centre studies in science and religion) -&gt; embeddedurl embeddedurl
shariah law trending under the guise of its relationship somehow with tx abortion issue shows the gross "judeo-christianization" of religion to begin with people are genuinely ignorant both of shariah (saying shariah law btw makes no sense, shariah means law) & abortion in islam
i’ve only felt religion when i’ve lied with you
wjcork heychristamarie the_mel_jar parents (family) and religion cause the most distress.
alaw202 it’s something that they can feel a part of. it’s like being in a gang religion lol
miamagdalena true and he is homophobic and i worry he has blind/fundamentalist view of his religion that there will be no separation of church and state if he becomes a president.
sarahlgates1 mycojonathan incindia sadhgurujv in india, nationalist talk-up india & india's de-facto state religion buddhism at the expense of hinduism:- 1. yoga is india's gift to the world & hinduism has nothing to do with it. 2. guru purnima is attributed to buddha (not ved vyasa). embeddedurl
nowplaying dirty black hole - steve vai / sex & religion embeddedurl
doctorhenryct richl315 right. because no religion ever attempted to make women dependent on men by having babies. none. ever.
urdu is the language of embeddedurl politics has connected it with religion. these are very shameful. urdulikhoamcollege nitishkumar official_dist bihareducation_ vijaykchy
rt erinbiba: "by religion" i think you meant to say here's a list of christians. jews exist. embeddedurl
picked up the bible and kissed it to apologize to god 2. was pulled aside by my 4th grade teacher because i was not saying prayers before eating and ripped me a new one for that. 3. got spat at by my religion teacher for being a male and singing that one song - +
how is nobody talking about it. how is media not taking this up. because we have normalised it, reason could be religion, bad name to their fav politician. we are a dead society pretending to be greatest civilization. embeddedurl
"selena gomez with purple hair is my religion." embeddedurl
that religion part is what i see as a joke.. and mostly as a system, a form of governance that tries to keep people in line with the faith in whatever manner they can, religion seldom knows any truth but all claims to know the absolute and the absolute truth, which is hilarious.
whatgreenlight kazumakiryuy0 scared? they are my religion
the cops, the klan, and the pulpit | by william spivey | jun, 2021 | medium - via pensignal embeddedurl history police religion kukluxklan
religion is all about you, what you can/cannot do. biblical salvation is all about jesus, what he did for you, and what he will do through you if you would allow him-he never forces himself. embeddedurl
jabaluck the scientologists are really ramping it up to come up with some results they like aren't they. i will not have my god damn breathing and commjnication restricted for your lunatic religion of face muzzling. you are terrible humans.
jackposobiec the churchofsatan isn't the same as satanic_temple_ , dipshit. if you read, literally anything, on the matter you'd know the former is actually an incredibly wholesome religion. then again, you're really fucking stupid, and doing simple research wouldn't cross your small mind.
duty2warn asianresister that is what the republican party is, american taliban, undermining our democracy in the name of religion, anti-abortion, anti-b lgbtq, anti-science, anti-woman.
why do so many christians believe their deceased loved ones are in heaven? i can't seem to find anything in the bible that says they go to heaven before the second coming. am i missing something? how are they getting their own religion so wrong? via /r/atheism …
harshmadhusudan they have a new idpol religion based on incessant hypermoral victimhood. perverse yin. can be attributed to over individualism, over consumption/production. also, exacerbated by reducing economic mobility.
imagine if people knocked on your door to talk about science instead of religion. “hi, we’d just like a quick chat about the possibility of life in the atmosphere of venus, and thought you might be interested in hearing about phosphine”?
justamomnamedmp the first amendment to the us constitution states "congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion" -us constitution.
btw, this is kinda a joke, it has to do with a family friend religion, so it kinda is tradition new year? so don't take this seriously
i was born during war 80s war afghanistan, experienced starvation,homelessness, been refugee in different countries, uncertainties,insecurities etc deeply wish a peaceful/just/free afghanistan and world. that's why i hate fanaticism in expecially in politics/religion. embeddedurl
growing up is realizing insanity comes in two different flavors - politics and religion.
rt exactlygrande: she's my religion, so i call her shesus *beautiful - b.t.s
ਸੱਚ_ਦਾ_ਸੰਘਰਸ਼ that religious leader (tatvdarshi saint) with the power of his religion i.e. with power of bhakti and through tatvgyan would overpower all the nations. that religious leader is sant rampal ji. 5 days to go for avataran diwas embeddedurl
protesters from mandalay based mass strike, phayargyi strike and multi-religion strike took to the streets & staged a joint protest demanding for the immediate fall of military dictatorship despite the difficulties. sep14coup un_noprocrastination whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
cutefunnybunny i think it may be a religion thing, because fundamentalist xtian organizations are pretty common in the us? and i imagine the uk, but the latter is more blatant about their radfem problem. i wouldn't be surprised if this is backlash from the emergence of sex positivity in the 10s
then it's absolutely sacred ground. here, i'm thinking about bellah's concept of civil religion, but also of kathryn lofton's introduction from "consuming religion," where she dissected the visceral response to 9/11 as an affront to american self-identity. 3/
cambslive great news. religion and royalty are unnecessary in a modern world and logical mind.
tribal: some people are big on tribe as they must marry or not marry from a certain tribes. either driven by personal or family reasons. religious-spiritual: some people have decided never to marry outside their religion or spiritual leanings. some are agnostic or the likes
the 1 benefit of american “christians” turning a blind eye to all of trump’s sin & voting for him 2016 is that it was the final nail in the coffin for me on the religion. embeddedurl
"true religion knows no difference between sunday and there are not moral precepts for the one day which are suspended when its sun holiness is to be the christian's dress all the week through, in every hour's conduct. - j.r. miller
someone: why don't you influence us with your religion? me: how about you start it first then? i want to get influence too asal islam, kena influence agama lain ke? tak salah pun respect agama lain & be tolerate embeddedurl
contakk nothing to do with taliban! their views on abortion is nothing like the extreme catholic that u are targeting by comparing them to muslims! own u to ur religion stop being racist!
tokenspoke42 nothing to do with taliban! their views on abortion is nothing like the extreme catholic that u are targeting by comparing them to muslims! own u to ur religion stop being racist!
vaishali, lichhavi means jains invented democracy. that means maybe democracy is natural governance of earth just like how jainism is natural religion of earth. embeddedurl
brandonmarlett thats why i believe the end of the world all of the religions (major ones) predict is going to be the end of organized religion.
proleisachamoth i would apply it to people that hate people for practicing religion
i got cocaine in my true religion jeans
satanic temple set to challenge texas abortion law on freedom of religion grounds embeddedurl
nytopinion covid has become it's own religion. watch how govt and corporations work to remove your individual rights under the disguise of public health. churchofcovid. it's already happening as joe biden signs executive order to mandate vaccines for all govt & contract workers.
wrightca eric25178848 god doesnt mock.. wow. yes every religion is fake!!!!! every denomination allll of it. all you need to do is just follow scripture . ..... they are lukewarm .. yesterday was the sabbath not sunday!!!! be well ♡
repritchie this is the voice of many dvlottery winners (2017 to 2020) who have been damaged by racism because of their religion under unjust p.p9645 muslimban please support us. aclu adc nilc muslimadvocates niacouncil chantaladasilva omarjadwat aayoub neal_katyal embeddedurl
foodielove13 stephmac4jesus myberns1 no problem. people who use religion to control other people are a pet peeve of mine. one of the great evils of the world.
you can't use religion against us. they don’t want you asking why so many healthcare workers are refusing the mandate. embeddedurl
rt tressiemcphd: not just a pap or birth control or whatever euphemism people use now to negotiate their public religion but abortion.
iamcardib imam hussein (as) does not belong to a single community, or ethnicity and religion. he is the universal manifestation of freedom and social justice without borders. arbaeen2021 embeddedurl
“hussain ع is not limited to any faith or religion. he is the universal symbol, till the end of time, of righteousness over wrong, and resistance over tyranny and oppression.” arbaeen_e_hussaini
"so do not underestimate your abilities or think that you can focus upon your faith and religion at a later time in your life; rather, even as teenagers and young adults, you should understand your value and importance." embeddedurl
marsthebitter being on my knees is my religion
marathi film on chhatrapati sambhaji maharaj wasn't allowed to release because censor board said it hurting religion sentiment but those same people did not find it offensive & mockery of hindu gods where r the religious sentiment? banravanleela_bhavai embeddedurl s
mixaanfaqih johnoldmans adamaadham jakmedd science not taking the spot religion occupied. its materialism taking the place. and its destroying the world. science literally is responsible for global warming and climate change one can say. religion will stay. atheism will fall though. with most identifying now as agnostics
carsandcryptos neutralneutron hodlonaut i've plenty. again: no one can reason with religion. you sir, are what men refer to as an extremist. with all the proof of a non existing god you'd beg the differ in any case. religion.
gurgaonpolice mvmeet pmoindia cmohry police_haryana i follow a religion called "ultimate peace" i am the prophet of this religion. i need land at this place for my shrine. to preserve communal harmony you must give me 30 acres of land immediately at this place.
bharatranragini shrinivas_hjs live_omprakash it is impossible to prove love jihad because the hapless girl will always say on my own wish i married and gave up my religion. best method is to ban hindu girl muslim boy marriage and glorification of such marriages by bollywood should be stopped
prodigalbright mixed feelings... i absolutely loved the lead in this one, he's amazing... and the overall plot is not bad... but i guess to me there was just too much of the religion stuff... there were moments where it was just exhausting to me... but it's only 7 eps, i say go for it
atheistsl if it's ok to repress religion, what makes it not ok to repress atheism?
apostatealaddin you do realize that there is a difference between culture and religion einstein?
x3shubh idgaf about taliban, just don't disrespect the religion
really not sure why it’s so hard to wrap your head around the fact that your beliefs that come from your religion should not be codified into laws that govern other people.
peter_telecom hauxton secularsandwich stilldizzy2 1pckt globalist13903 zypisfy mucusmucous swordfinger wmmanry longforgottena1 quin4trump jlee2027 praisehisname50 edwardmkennedy2 bluedragonsfang tiffany_stuff waragoodwarfare willsworldview tklforgiven chortling_man a_damned_smith wolfpak561 wondersnorbit pray2pesci cern_lxxl kaaskeizer horusrage celegansist johnkrahn2 sportoghesi zapher134 takethatdarwin ramirezplayer rossgilroy oohglobbits5 sbuddie1877 falchion14 ghalloglaigh delsur742 janetb172 heathensawyer collinoctantis tarquinrees ericbonner31 tcunderdahl realanondouche tjaytheist goatmunch giomis4 "that’s a religion!" oh, peter. you don't understand what you're talking about. your ignorance is on full display. embeddedurl
that's a lot of work for one god... atheist atheism agnostic humanist secular humanism secularism god religion embeddedurl
manishp47295322 hippogriff777 veerappavenkap1 to ye sab tuje hua hain kya memory loss.... bocz communist never believe in god or religion... suddenly you started believing in lord shiva.
everyone has their unique journey towards attaining peace, personal or global. it is time we come together and help each other progress in our journey for peace. educate, enlighten, awaken, at 7th world parliament of science, religion and philosophy 2021. 2-5 oct. register now! embeddedurl
as a religion scholar, i’ll say this out loud- using “creationism” as a framework for talking about indigenous narratives actually imposes literalist protestant christian problems & frameworks that don’t apply elsewhere. it distorts our understandings of non-christian religions. embeddedurl
rwb69 alexmassie men being kept in women's prisons is harm enough. you obviously missed evidence in paras 4+5 in the article. like you missed the point that obsequiousness to the catholic religion was a big problem for women. sexmatters keepprisonssinglesex
graceablout romanhistory1 once people become religious (and virtually anything can become a religion to some people, it is aka irrational thought), an ego-feed develops that corrupts the natural ego. a process of mental deterioration occurs. it is what causes people to become fanatics who will kill others embeddedurl
synn2162 michael16099421 shatter242 "atheistic religion" doesn't even make sense
klglass2 of course... and for many, their religion implies lack of morality
this club is my religion embeddedurl
thebeesneys a lot of it is just fun nonsense but also some of them have deeper meanings but a lot of it is pretty badic criticism of like religion or achool or smth
richarddawkins name a religion that does not allow vaccinations. i can’t think of any. if there are any, then that would be interesting to know.
thereformer_santrampalji sant rampal ji maharaj ji says that our religion is humanity. our race is living being, humanity is our religion. hindu, muslim, sikh, christian, there is no separate religion. visit :- 7daystogofor_avatarandiwas embeddedurl
“the pervading religion right now is prosperity. look at any social media platform; it’s no accident. jim and tammy were the first reality show couple,” says andrew garfield of the bakkers. “they were pre-kardashian kardashians.” embeddedurl embeddedurl
use their own weapon against them: religion. the laws shouldn't exist either way, nobody should legislate a woman's body. is this true?? embeddedurl embeddedurl
thomas46577171 truenorthcentre exactly! “believe in science “ like it is a religion??? science is always changing, you cannot believe in it, you need to study it and investigate or. furthermore latest “science” has failed to objective recently silenced/censored open debate. it is “trudeau science”:)
rt salty_spitoonz: anthoneycosplay great religion embeddedurl
spxmernova i can explain whichever part you find confusing, but if you think “religion” is “ethnicity” and a “race” i think it’s best you start with a dictionary
few minutes you're born, your name and religion will be chosen for you and you'll spend the rest of your life defending it.
it is natural to be loyal to your family and religion.but surely your loyalty must also lie with the country that you have chosen to live in earn your living in and feed your family from. one cannot have double standards. please be clear and enjoy life as there is only one life.
imurb00gieman none of this factual info makes any difference to the subversed ideologues. the are too far gone. its their religion
super logic ra ee logic ela undi ante islam is peaceful religion christianity doesn't have caste system la evadra neeku payment isthnadi embeddedurl
protesters from mandalay based mass strike, phayargyi strike and multi-religion strike took to the streets & staged a joint protest demanding for the immediate fall of military dictatorship despite the difficulties. sep14coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
fiona365andmore yvonneburdett3 you are mentally unstable and i truly hope you get the psychiatric help you desperately need. ps, we have extended life human expectancy thanks to modern medicine, not religion. prayers and anti-vax mumbo jumbo don't work.
sara95bv we are known from our religion, where is exactly women work to build our society,as at home or work in hospitals all jobs to treat them as women,but service in military as soldiers that only for men,we must know that women not showing in detail for all her bodies or full make up.
rahulgandhi attacked the bjp-rss, alleging that they were "fake hindus" who use religion for their benefit. bjp rss embeddedurl
drjaydrno laners1 again, the cbe here tends to squander more money than the cssd, so tell me how ‘religion’ is the source? i’m not saying that one unified board wouldn’t be better, but don’t use religion as the defining reason. use all the actual boards & execs their decisions about spending.
religion embeddedurl
annette_mont i hate to break it to people, but religion, as a whole, is a cult.
a bad religion 222 embeddedurl
thequiltlamb twice. once as an infant in the religion i grew up in, once as an adult into the catholic church because they didn't recognize the first baptism. i am an atheist.
religions are very effective at turning human beings into sheep. they're among the most powerful instruments of social conditioning. simply by convincing you to give your power away to something outside yourself. religion will condition you to be weaker & easier to control.sucks
kylekulinski no particular religion secular talk discussion
mandalay based mass strike, phayargyi strike and multi-religion strike joined hands to stage a rebellion against the dictator despite the difficulties. acceptnug_rejectmilitary sep14coup whatshappeninginmyanmar un_noprocrastination embeddedurl
gqpslayer skinyliny nickmartin q__talk most of them were indoctrinated by organized religion. embeddedurl
lord_dawar brother, this didn't make any sense. anyway, let me tell you, we don't need to secularise islam for it's validation. our faith is enough. let's not add the things that aren't permissible just to make our religion look better. (regarding the voting one)
musikmenfess my religion? bad
soktiman2 abcsince1999 mahuamoitra who said they r doing fight for hindu ? they r extremist and opportunist . no difference between bjp and aimim . atleast in odisha no place for anyparty who r spreading hate on religion basic . naveen is superb cm for us right now .
hate has no religion. we stand for peace and humanity. if a person like sureshchavhanke faces consequences, it'll help the country in the long run he is a shaitaan in the name of a journalist deshdrohi suresh chavhanke embeddedurl
rt statvesque_son: snekhumalosa religion has done nothing for us embeddedurl
rexchapman and only pray to the christian religion. as you tell them “yea that sounds good let’s build in time for prayer for muslims and jewish religion” and watch their heads explode. the hypocrisy.
suhagashukla priyamvadagopal there is hindupbohia but noting like blasphemy. or is that one wish not to call hate against a minority religion of world barely surviving on remaining 60% of original homeland after being persecuted by m n c for centuries as hinduphobia just because it does not have blasphemy?
shirazhassan there are two major factors, 1. field marshall general ayube khan surrendered our rivers to india in indus water treaty 2. a sizeable population on indian side is bishnoi, a religion based on environmental safety.
azamnaeem historyofivc audreytruschke can you first clean your backyard of all the garbage that has accumulated? mu$lim of india are it’s pride but anti nationals of any religion won’t be tolerated. those who cheer pak while living in india, have problems singing national anthem, mock hinduism, should get out.
it’s 2021. religion just makes our country dumber and dumber every single day. embeddedurl
yaf righteo! e pluribus unum! by how united/pluribus, by proples "order" ordained an established constitution, each an unum an individual created equal in religiousliberty of freedom in religion by rights from creator. we constituted expected to be self-governing in lord's laws. embeddedurl
benburgis philosophy of religion is an extremely innovative field, with a lot of good stuff going on. it touches nearly every branch of philosophy and is relevant to a wide variety of people. you should definitely publish/engage with it more. we need more atheists.
truth is, i gave up on religion and christianity a very long time ago. i believed in god, but the ways of christianity appeared so impractical & hypocritical. so when i tell you, i am shook at what's happening with me right now, i am shooktttt
dsimlin tyahben grykngblakstate ratingtruthful scottdred3 foggie_marcia philanderwicks tseruyah2 peaclovjoymercy redz001dc sonmemphis malcolmxscholar catherinesyoun1 jimmieredbeard clarethawoods agnosticrbg kellyclarence1 kevskewl kinspire2 marleyk20 ajnash10 mskweet omgrising yourtime2mend quirkiebird robingr08124639 goldenempress27 casrule pab7ox youtube and it shouldn’t be that hard to look at her as more than just a fucking help mate . we’re changing concept of relationships between a man and a woman. we are balanced she is powerful you are powerful. we build upon the foundation of trinity man woman and child. that’s religion embeddedurl
rt maturecarrie: “the major civilizing force in the world is not religion, it is sex.” ― hugh hefner embeddedurl
fyi religion issa generational curse!! embeddedurl
the freedom blog: god beyond religion: the divine unified field of c... embeddedurl
manifest good to see you my dear sutekh, i love you setian occult magic religion deity seth sutekh ancientegypt blackflame storm embeddedurl
when you read the original books you understand how religion was perverted by people who should know better. i value so much my jesuit education where the truth was taught no matter how inconvenient to a certain agenda. i avoided any religious discussion with my own mother. embeddedurl
gary miller.. did jesus preach trinity? if yes, where? nowhere in the bible is trinity preached clearly. embeddedurl religion embeddedurl
if a lady came to me asking for a man thats saving her life i will gv ask world to bless release world isnt a prison we dont play games to imprison pple we gv them liberty even marriages liberty how why think rsn i rspct gma1favs religion they dont hv rights to imprison marriage
gbnews who the f**k are they to dictate? are they still living there? are they funding the demolition? did they or do they own the building? this modern trend of entitlement based on grief/colour/religion/gender is astonishing. or it could just be tory haters sticking it to tories
prayers for one, prayers for all, this is a country found and built by immigrants. instead of religion how about funding at least one other language. starting with kindergarteners, keep religion out of schools. embeddedurl
i"the scientification of religion download link : embeddedurl embeddedurl
elprofetizado deli964 lordyer0 aaronbronsteter that has nothing to do with cognitive dissonance. now see that's bigotry lol. no one said they agreed with anyone's religion. all religion is sht buddy. lol did you just find that out. that's not the debate. he himself tho didn't say that.
drfrankturek nypmetro only religion....
peter60778663 zulesray ankurkhanna79 seriousfunnyguy amitshah i was disappointed when his party didn't gain majority. his views should taken seriously if u want to end this era of terror unleashed by a particular religion that calls itself a religion of peace but is no way a peaceful religion.
girlbossms imam hussain said, “if you don’t believe in any religion and don’t fear the resurrection day, at least be free in this world.” (bihar al- anwar, vol. 45, p. 51) arbaeen2021
rg10124 oscarj43943261 nzherald this does not prove anything?? it’s the same in almost every other religion- what’s ur reason for targeting islam only? also, why’re you so bothered by it? if u don’t believe it then it isn’t true to you, so why bring this up?
silverdollar48 each color is a different religion genius last chance 2give me a real alternate explanation 4 this very real phenomenon &gt;if not childhood religious indoctrination what is your alternate explanation for the extremely tight correlation between religious beliefs and geography? embeddedurl
knowing what we know of bakwamitra... he might as well give an election speech for up elections... narrating how he fed "soshit, vanchit, peedit"... aligarh tala-wala crap & with a sprinkling of terrorism has no religion, no mention of taliban, china etc.. embeddedurl
aussieval10 whalesonly1 they have to tell you. it's part of their religion. then if you choose to be a sheep, it's on you and not them.
paykhar in some sunni muslims countries women allowed to be elected but they failed to get a seat they recieved few votes first know the culture and religion majority of women support sharia law only few brainwashed or proxies want to be included in the government. kabul taliban
exposingalec hayek also asserts an independent judiciary is absolutely necessary for free market system to work, but that doesn’t seem to have stopped them from corrupting justice system. libertarianism must be like religion, you get to use the parts you like and ignore the parts you don’t.
michaelzarrabi shedding the relic of religion was to open up to be a truly free person.
raana_official boss do anyway periyar spoke about any other religion. why does he target hindu that’s what my question. again telling i like some of his thoughts that man should be respected and all. but i never seen him mocking jesus or allah. ungalukku ithu puriyalaya illai nadikireengala
the reason morrison’s the most dangerous ever pm is that he literally doesn’t care about us. his religion tells him non-believers are a pagan rabble, & better off dead since we’re going to burn in hell anyway. & the more we complain, the more he thinks he’s right to hate us. embeddedurl
adunbot gone_iam satanic_temple_ wrong. that's a strawman. it's tst saying - "our religion is okay with hosting jews in our homes, but it's not mamdatory". now try again.
and because it’s experimental. we don’t know long term side effects. it goes against my religion. and other issues embeddedurl
neolithic anti-woke guy: isnt it funny how these funerary rites, daily rituals, and traditions of oral poetry resemble a religion? his shaman: a what?
rt montanak8ie: if you have a freedom of religion, then i have a freedom from religion. keep your hypocrisy to yourself, thank you.
islam is a peaceful and beautiful religion. islam is the only religion spreading rapidly around the world. globaltalkonislamophobia
mh201013 kylianhaaland ayocaesar abstaining from animal products is the defining quality of veganism. is forcing your partner to convert to islam, the defining element of islam? this is an example of religious people completely ignoring all the important aspects of religion, in favor of pointless scolding.
itsjefftiedrich the evangelicals are the modern pharisees that jesus rebuked daily. all religion and no relationship.
thomaskaine5 he came across as a charlatan. i felt that from the first (and last) time i watched one sermon years ago. he helped me see that organized religion is a ponzi scheme and helped me turn away from it all.
1982starscream dougie19177100 beltel the legislation would apply to every religion and none.
fromfarfaraway2 don’t turn away from christ. turn away from the grifters and charlatans that have taken over organized religion. i love you and god loves you too.
neesheus noconversion balak ye desh me majority hindu hey, hinduo ka desh nahi hey!! don't forget that the world majority religion is christian and islamic then third largest religion is hinduism. the biggest is mankind.
religion is/was taught as the only "guilt" control tools for christians. why not use learned behavior as the base line? their response is your answer of human type. embeddedurl
optimistnizam zoo_bear vinod_tatiwal altnews free_thinker i didn't said anything ill about your religion,pls read again. nothin there to be obsessed with muslims either... also,hinduism teaches us that enlightenment is achieved through gaining knowledge(study), daily prayer and continuous self introspection; not through faith alone.
femi_sorry stand_for_all we dont want them. let them go to a local friendly islamic country. why do they want to come to a country whose religion, culture and way of life they hate.
protesters from mandalay based mass strike, phayargyi strike and multi-religion strike took to the streets & staged a joint protest demanding for the immediate fall of military dictatorship despite the difficulties. sep14coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
commgrad71 rossschumann the constitution only guarantees you will not be prosecuted for your religion. it doesn't say you're guaranteed any job you like. the civil rights act says you can not be discriminated for your religion but does allow for businesses to probe your veracity.
rt athomps111: "the religion of peace"makes hitler look like a humanitarian!
taha01010011 absolute yes and don't expect hindus if they are supporting you they should be against there religion everyone should know what is there limit this is the main problem is our society we expect to mutch
sumiya yasmin from murshidabad asked how can the board reject her application when india’s constitution guarantees me freedom to practice my religion. embeddedurl
opposition to fossil fuels poses as scientific, but it is in fact the product of an anti-human religion. from my recent appearance on danwootton's gbnews show embeddedurl
street religion is what i practice. embeddedurl
naansenseguy saisuperb7 too much hatred oka religion meda
kevpod1 judson4congress it’s actually simple. practice your religion in your home.
new issue of european review now available embeddedurl history politics law economics religion anthropology literature archaeology embeddedurl
rt brumbyoz: challenge to cow people. discuss your beliefs for half an hour without discussing any other belief system or religion.
neeldas83815238 wy_de panjshirprovin1 religion is a kind of prison in which the prisoner himself puts himself. man imposes sharia on himself.
rt ricokello: agriculture ict entrepreneurship african traditional religion those are supposed to be compulsory in this uganda.
rt freikrystian: "thou shall not kill" is rich coming from the religion that has likely killed the most people.
yourmangodfrey richardmarx yea ure right on this, touché. there’s plenty of laws going against the faith and the non-faith.. probably part of why the idea of organized religion makes me crazy. but if the sky is objectively blue, couldn’t we also have an objective scientific answer to when life begins?1/
tokenhiphop you don't know :) nobody knows, i can't tell you there is no god i can't tell you there is one so what's the point to go through dumb traditions to honor something completely imagined? idk just my opinion, it's great that religion can helps people but it killed way too many so
jacob11011765 moxy_x she's only live on fridays. show up on tiktok. do not discuss politics, religion, disrespect others, or be disrespectful to her. you will be muted. no disrespect to you, just saying see you next friday!
woofknight honestly, in my life, i've never had adults knock on my door to discuss religion. aside from them stopping most activity church-wide, the ones that still do it are usually teen missionaries. it's rare though. i've had 1 group of teens about 16 knock at my door in the past 6 years
mirodenk mynamezach jackposobiec covid isn't a religion. vaccines protect you and other people by reducing your risk of contracting the virus. the government and medical community should investigate the validity of immunity of those who survived the virus. maybe vaccines could be reserved for those never exposed
alex_komnenos kk spongebrain. you are a powerful example of your religion. i've now been converted and im blissfully happy to know i get to live forever in heaven with your god.
barrilitomunich the universe is so perfect. there is only one god. islam is the true religion. please visit: embeddedurl
beachpretzel2 i’m a bit confused; which religion says “thou shalt not receive life saving vaccines”.
hey all! here's a new post you might have missed! go read about why...."prosperity gospel is anti-christian." embeddedurl religion christianchurch christianity
despite the presence of terrorists in the city, mandalay multi religion strike staged a rally calling for the military rule to be overthrown immediately. revolutionfordemocracy sep16coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
sapientvirgo they have their own customs with different believes than us different nishan sahib they don't obey or follow even guru nanak dev ji maharaj just guru ravidas ji they are different from sikhism and that's why they even requested that their religion come seperately in the sensex.
kadenleenfts joey was a priest in the church of the resurrection. but one day he realized that religion was not his. motorcycle, sex and rock and roll are his. embeddedurl cryptoart nft ethereum digitalart nftcollectors nftcommunity nftartist digitalartist opensea
duty2warn she'd do well in a country like saudi arabia or iran. perhaps she should consider relocating to one of those places. as a woman she'd have no rights whatsoever but at least she'd be someplace where religion tells the government what to do.
philvischer texasartmama2 i wonder how many more hearts & minds were hardened against anything having to do with god/jesus/church/religion after viewing this fine example of american christianity
thestrugglefortruth the avatar nostradamus predicted : that religious leader (tatvdarshi saint) with the power of his religion i.e.with power of bhakti and through tatvgyan would overpower all the nations. that religious leader is sant rampal ji. 5 days to go for avataran diwas embeddedurl
julius_kim don’t do either. i don’t want to see or hear about your religion. keep it to yourself.
truthse48399797 is it possible that you are confusing man's interpretation of what god wants with what god actually wants? man has always tried to use god to enforce rules on various parts of society,"religion" dies not always represent gods will.
ritesh07838865 rajshekhartoi many who take on rich, resourceful and mighty are implicated in false cases irrespective of cast, religion and creed.
i feel like i wrote this on the wrong get paid to write site. anyway, enjoy reading! philippines catholics taoism daoism buddhism religion travel travelpinas pinoy pinay filipino writing happysunday sundaythoughts embeddedurl
defeatedknight africa_archives 4..islam failed to teach you virtue, self retrospection and confession. the religion has always treated slavery as part of islam and enacted barbarian laws in the shariah to promote slavery. mohammad ur prophet owned black slaves and sold blacks into more slavery.
the nzpm said the perpetrator was an "individual" and not part of a religion (actually a very dangerous cult) embeddedurl
marcorubio keep your religion to yourself. in america we have freedom from religion, too.
iam_7even simileoluwa_89 gazettengr what would they gain for doing such? there are countries that are not wired for self-destruction like nigeria where founded facts are suppressed in the interests of ethnic, religion and political affliations.
telling my analysis prof that i can't do the dedekind cut homework because it's against my religion (axiom of choice is false)
i sure hope the good people of afghanistan can deal with the minority of the population who want to turn it into a theocracy that bans medical practices which go against their religion... oh no, wait, i mean i hope the good people of texas can deal with it.
berniceking i love all people regardless of their sex, race, religion, culture, etc. love knows no bounds.
সত্যের_জন্য_সংঘর্ষ 8thseptember_avatarandiwas where today there are fights in the world due to caste and religion, whereas sant rampal ji maharaj is giving the same message to everyone by demolishing the wall of caste with his true knowledge. embeddedurl
russellethering campbellclaret in the words of that old joke about religion and alcohol, "jesus, i didn't know we had a choice"!...
people are trying to use religion for their anti vax agenda? wonder where there bible mentions vaccines? glad to see united will help make it safer to fly. next time i fly, i will consider united. embeddedurl
rt radhikabarman5: you can never be a secularist if all you have to talk about is religion, the whole day.
jeff50090344 reginalddhunter class, religion, geographic differences, politics. looking at the usa shows how people can be divided over issues other than race.
jakelobin trump lived less than a 5 min walk from st. patrick's cathrdral, also less than a 7 minute walk from first presbyterian church - his "religion " and i can guarantee you that he's never once stepped in either in the decades he's lived in manhattan!
ashoswai hinduism "≠" hindutva hinduism: 5000 ago religion with unmatchable diversity and acceptance hindutva: political ideology which was popularized in 1920s by traitor of country by british funding.
thinkaloud14 aranganathan72 bcoz it is religious place and people have religious sentiments..no one is stopping you from eating it ..you just have to go out of the city..same goes with alcohol consumption ..every religion have such places dont you agree?
examples: 1. they call themselves reformer, but what exactly they are, lord knows better. 2. it's the right time to be a reformer when religion has to deal with the heterodox group of people. 3. there is no need to be a reformer when the governing is in the hand of the pious. embeddedurl
rosetesydney send religion muna
was this actually said by the court? tbh it’s a great idea: let’s ensure freedom of expression & freedom of religion for cows. humans in our country aren’t entitled to either of these anyway. imagine cows being arrested under uapa. or renaming the cpc as cow procedure code. embeddedurl
reallarsjohmann taliban, the fascist nature of this savage group will not change.they kill people because of ethnic and religion. where they killed an old hazare man because his ethnic stophazaregenocide embeddedurl
i'll be honest. i grew up in a non-religious household and could never really understand religion. but for every claims of religious exemption, read this. embeddedurl
in today’s day and age, when religion is used to justify extremism, it’s important we remember the beauty of judaism. it’s a very old custom to buy your wife a gift for the holiday. every time she likes my choice, this included, it’s a miracle. shana tova and chag sameach! embeddedurl
ffiffi_larue the word woman is inclusive. it includes every adult human female of any ethnicity, every age, every ability & disability, every religion or none, every trans man & nb who was born female. it just doesn’t include people born male, including tw who are tw, not women.
ang "cliques" nga naman para ding exclusivist religion. when you try to walk away kasi nasasakal ka, mahirap na bumalik even for the things you like. hirap mag adjust, yung guilt of abandonment naman sasakal sayo. there's a whole atmosphere of ambivalence whether part ka pa rin.
"we should add political beliefs & political speech right up there next to race, sex, religion & national origin in the civil rights act." discrimination against people for their political beliefs should not be allowed, says vivekgramaswamy watch: embeddedurl
rt declanrowen: what does this mean? religion embeddedurl
melissajpeltier macfarlanenews in alberta, right now the premier, kenny/kochtupuppet, is forcing religion into school programs and destroying healthcare through mismanagement of covid. betsy did her best to steal & fund charter schools. religion & cnp. healthcare, you need help.
don't hold upon the scars of yesterday. let them gone embrace today with new longing, a thankful & chuffed heart. allah has blessed us with so much. islam__religion_of__ethics embeddedurl
rt solitudeartnft: “the more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude.” ― aldous huxley
ernstroets dysfunctional families. broke down of moral values. lost of religion . then again you can be moral without religion, but to who are you accountable if you are not religious? apartheid will be the easy excuse.
iangalliguez one of the great men of our religion (imam ali) says: patience in deeds is like the head in the body, just as when the head is detached from the body, the body corrupts, and when patience is detached from the deeds, things are ruined. embeddedurl
thereformer_santrampalji social reformer sant rampal ji maharaj says that over religion is humanity our race is living being humanity is our religion, hindu, muslim, sikh, christian, there is no separate religion 7daystogofor_avatarandiwas embeddedurl
mandalay based mass strike, phayargyi strike and multi-religion strike joined hands to stage a rebellion against the dictator despite the difficulties. acceptnug_rejectmilitary sep14coup whatshappeninginmyanmar un_noprocrastination embeddedurl
jendubayevans i doubt that the gov. thinks that she is one of the twelve, who are the only true apostles. not here to debate religion, including positions on marriage/divorce, history of the church, etc. or the ability of people like the gov. to express themselves and their own belief system
„the problem is not religion or the culture - the problem is always the people“ - firstladynam
1/ labor day week recap at the bias! in case you haven't read our series on issues of labor, religion, and the working class, now's a great time to catch up. here's matt_bernico of themagnificast on the work of radical episcopalian clergy. embeddedurl
iamsrk sir i was a die hard fan, but after this tweet i have lost all respect for u, if u are not faithful to ur religion and will do such things just to plz others just reflects u as a person. what else did u need in life that u r doing such things. it’s never to late to do taubah
bro i respect people’s religions i really do but when mfs start telling others theyre gonna suffer a painful punishment from a higher being if theyre not in their religion really pisses me off. like, you’re just making people be angry at you and what u believe in???
maulana kaleem siddiqui arrested on "suspicion of unlawful religious conversion".yes, why not! spreading communal hatred is legal in "new india" but spreading one's religion in a secular nation is a crime! completely "legit" arrest. releasekaleemsiddiqui
esglaude thank you for posting this and helping me know more about professor robateau. i used slave religion in researching a novel. thought i would just glance around i it but it was so brilliant and eye opening i read the whole thing. what a scholar!
seven my religion awayfromhomefestival
thecolorguard1 beermelons mucusmucous peterrevo16 ynusyldz03 revnfidel funny how it seems it's priests from your religion doing a lot of the child abuse
cspanwj what exactly is a "religious exemption"? how broad is it. do you have to be a member of an organized religion? or can a religious exemption be based strictly on my personal thoughts regarding religion & "god"? please get someone on cspanwj to answer that question.
misha56l tarek_aomr_00 vhq0yw20mvojfl4 redwytch vw0019 mohamme83820455 _sheezii denizyk17063649 abomalakam92 shadwawaheed every faith is important ...!!! i don't divide people into a of religion!!! i don't divide people by skin color! ask yourself ...? where exactly is god...??? have a nice evening
dubcon cnc :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes::smiling_face_with_heart-eyes: religion kinks somno put that shit on my tl
occupydemocrats kimmcarpenter i took a job at a movie theater, but i joined a religion that tells me movies are satanic and i can't support them in any way. can i get a religious exemption which allows me to collect a paycheck without having to do the work the job requires?
true religion smart lol they selling the same damn hoodies jus with “supreme” in it. they play
audreytruschke profdilipmandal at: yesterday you tried to misrepresent the answers given by three panelists on caste. all three were categorical in their response that caste is religion, if you subtract caste nothing is left of hinduism. caste is front and center of hinduism. period. please read dr ambedkar.
billmaher on 9/11, we are launching a campaign that state-sponsored-religion countries must allow their citizens to be free-thinkers. open link
lackingsaint theistic religions are not the only kind of religion. it's definitely interesting how attacks on theism and attacks on all religion are so easily conflated as the same.
check out this listing i just added to my poshmark closet: true religion halle mid-rise capri white jeans. embeddedurl shopmycloset poshmarkapp
jshahryar so often i feel that my beautiful religion is being corrupted by statism, the cult of the state. in the name of the state, israelis are committing horrible crimes. the occupation leads to desecration of judaism.
darth_spurious ask them if they’ve ever read the bible from cover to cover. almost none of them have. it’s only one book and it’s their religion, yet most haven’t read any of it, much less all of it.
"a lot of the spiritual and physical laws which moses passed on to the hebrews in the form of the religion of judaism were actually taught to him by his black father-in-law. how do i know? because the bible says so."
_ansumanrath why you highliting a specific religion with a lady wearing hijab??? are you inviting rohingya or afghans?? embeddedurl
christothurston pilzet religion is a fallacy meant to be an opium for the poor rich people are not religious
ajenglish ziahujjat don't you feel after hitler stalin lenin and mao the people known as taliban has taken over killing humans in the name of religion why should any literate human even consider talking to them
dazadeh michaelharriot tiffanydcross that phenomenon goes beyond catholic- the patriarchal structure of religion conditions women to believe men should be in charge & that they should be deferential to (male) spiritual leaders. male clergy tell them what to believe, say, it affects all decisions in women’s lives
love is the only religion ..if it does not heal you fulfill you or thrill you your spirit won’t keep you focused on it ..so love ..this is a foundation of all things that move & develop the spirit
aranganathan72 i feel people of the country play crucial role here. at the end it's us who choose leaders. if we start electing people based on their performance, skills & calibre rather than caste / religion/ethnicity than no party would ever play these cards. at the it's upto us.
palmer theological seminary in st. david’s will host a two-day symposium on science and religion, oct. 1-2, at 2 to 5 pm. the seminary was selected to participate in the science for seminaries project... embeddedurl embeddedurl
hinduamerican anandmahindra too bad .. that good funds are used to have hate conference of the most peace loving & oldest religion of the world .. hinduism
trailer of ravan leela is showcasing the evil as good and good as evil. hidden agenda to defame hindu religion. banravanleela_bhavai embeddedurl
peter thiel's religion - david perell embeddedurl
can anyone know who really wrote the bible? embeddedurl biblequestion faith religion god
waiting4evidnce delphic apollo is the patron of seafarers, foreigners and the protector of fugitives and refugees. apollo is one of the olympian deities in classical greek and roman religion and greek and roman mythology. the national divinity of the greeks, apollo has been recognized as
majidbm1986 opensea withfnd joey was a priest in the church of the resurrection. but one day he realized that religion was not his. motorcycle, sex and rock and roll are his. embeddedurl cryptoart nft ethereum digitalart nftcollectors nftcommunity nftartist digitalartist opensea
ghostofmayhem topglobalpro wickedrebelusa poeticartoflove twazisuckzass murphyrulesok sorrymissjack9 devinnunesmulet neville1776 artistfkagamer blondjewels gweet_potato bigtoe0311 tipofthespear12 contraaffair cujo_c muppetmeme goneaye twinkieangry disney_liz_15 bronxthebearfu amarispixie alucard1116 ron_triple jchutch2 kidchaos138 texasgirl9712 alwynprincel yesisworld spoonyg5 rachelcasun kenneanderthal buckeyebitch divine1127 hyster_prynne peekoil00 mamabearcz foolscap8 pat88181680 adouble777 bubblecovfefe garybro51731814 kimberlytpalmer davidis918 johnedowney1 cathyjo26199086 ogkoala3 deweybreen tmzedg rondoe58845237 except god is the greatest abortionist who kills 500,000 fetuses through miscarriage yearly in the us alone. meanwhile, keep “your god” out of women’s bodies. you’re supposed to say: that’s against my religion, i won’t do it. not: it’s against my religion, you can’t do it.
ackocher religion. *braces for impact*
mandalay based mass strike, phayargyi strike and multi-religion strike joined hands to stage a rebellion against the dictator despite the difficulties. acceptnug_rejectmilitary sep14coup whatshappeninginmyanmar un_noprocrastination embeddedurl
national: adults have right to choose their partner, irrespective of religion: hc embeddedurl
why didn't christians go to church nation wide armed with rifles when the government closed their house of god? this is what happens when you let feminism into your religion. your leaders are cucks, your women are whores/sinners, and your men are beta male pussies. pathetic
our azaan isn't a music for you to make a song out of. have some shame, have some respect. our religion is not a joke! mnetapologise embeddedurl
noconversion isn't interesting? posts are nothing to do with qualifications or who is deserving only related to religion and caste. very good
why are these so called religious men obsessed w/ women's body and reproductive rights? why can't they make laws for their reproductive system. mostly some old farts who are doing this bs to control women. texas politicians &religious hypocrites yeah u2 catholic religion
oldtimepreachi3 nutterfrog whyulie75 dsec110 abc christ isn't a god, thanks. jesus did say to "worship the lord your god and serve him only." you're going against your own religion by worshipping a man... any man or woman.
of course and also churches since religion is dictating our scotus and our congress. embeddedurl
hi, my name is harvinder i am kamboj (obc) by caste attempted all exams in general category sikh by religion indian by nationality human by nature and i reject rss. embeddedurl
minormatters hopes to launch a first of its kind virtual museum in sri lanka titled the museum of religious freedom as a space for archiving, learning, & critically reflecting on the complex histories and contemporary concerns relating to the freedom of religion or belief in sl. embeddedurl
kamvtv this doesn't jive with his fundamental transformation of this country! keep in mind that if he is a muslim, lying is permitted by that religion! he is all for changing the demographics of america to have a much higher percentage of people of color!
he is parasite a saboteur of national narratives & religion. embeddedurl
tomorrow is yom kippur; this saturday will be batman day. holiest days of the year for my religion by blood and my religion by faith. i will be observing both.
in this case capital is just another form of religion history isn't just records of the past, there are not many examples of the army siding with the people.
ahappything breenewsome you're racist and always will be to them no matter how much you atone. why? because you're white... if this is the religion you choose to follow enjoy.
nbcnews while i personally don't agree with abortion, i don't force my beliefs on others. my body is mine and their bodies are theirs. in a country where religion is optional, it would be wrong to do otherwise.
protests as montenegro’s new orthodox head inaugurated | religion news embeddedurl
y’all so weird. let ppl be. y’all force religion on everything. lame ass fake shit embeddedurl
thenightwindow2 when has anyone claimed to have copyrighted the term? if you are an atheist can you claim you are a christian? yes. does that mean you are a christian? no. it makes you an idiot. the term was never actually used as a religion prior. it was used as a baseless insult.
"as a society, we have lost the understanding of the sacredness of life. and it’s not even just about religion, it’s about our place in society, and how we all have a role to play in making things improve," writes hopehyder embeddedurl
noblindtrust godchild007 malinablue ronfilipkowski it will take mankind thousands of years to figure out how things really work (if we don't destroy ourselves and the planet before that) religion gives people a false sense of "i know the truth, everyone else is going to hell" it is an infantile way of thinking, false security
iamsamibrahim goodbye_jesus i like you zest! i would agree however you seemed to have carved out one very specific god so far as i know. you have not claimed any specific religion. where you ever affiliated to a religion?
govkristinoem i wasn't raised going to church. i'm an american. i was taught (in school & by my parents), that we have a separation of church & state and we have a freedom of religion, which can be from religion. we also didn't kill our own relatives with covid.
alpha5001 nbcnews cnbc there are various beliefs within each religion but i think there are sects that are against vaccinations in: christian scientists, seventh day adventists, buddhists, taoist, and dutch reform church.
adityadickysin pararjs maharw_warrior himanshusaroha1 what people forget is that hindu or muslim, all rulers were driven by wealth, not religion.
enes kanter said it's time for science and religion to come together on this pandemic. there's a problem though, one of these things is based in reality and the other is based in the chronicles of narnia, so it'll never work.
zayd_al_jazairi budgothmog44 ssamirasr well that’s insane. you can only decide for yourself what your religion is and how you practice it. you can’t decide for anyone else. it’s none of your business what other people wear.
imranhindu blatant violation into.hindu religion and against supreme court judgement in seshammal case feel experts..a language xhauvenistic view feel experts
what specifically goes against their religion??? embeddedurl
ಅವತಾರನ_ಬಗ್ಗೆ_ಭವಿಷ್ಯವಾಣಿ predeiction of anderson- that a religious rural indian will give the lesson of morality, generosity, service to mankind and this messiah will impregnate the entire world with religion, happiness and peace. 1 day to go for avataran diwas embeddedurl
emmavj also, "can we talk about her christianity"... no? why??? her religion is her business, she would talk about it if she wanted to talk about it, what does fuckin theo hobson from the spectator have to add that's of any value lmao
agnosticism (part 3 of 4): a fruit of false religions - the religion of islam embeddedurl
abnormalwrench daatdarling i'm glad you enjoy your perception of realty but for others religion can be a message of hope or something that just speaks to someone on an emotional or spiritual level.
exilegrimm "bush, gog and magog | religion | the guardian" embeddedurl "george bush: 'god told me to end the tyranny in iraq' | world news | the guardian" embeddedurl embeddedurl
protest against military dictatorship by phayargyi strike & multi-religion strike from mandalay un_noprocrastination whatshappeninginmyanmar sep14coup embeddedurl
when christmas wears it’s tinseled gown: the best christmas movies ever – the perfect chris... embeddedurl christmas2021 christmascountdown2021 christmas2021 christmasiscoming religion religious spiritual christmascountdown christmas christmasrefresh
love to see engenes hosting space for praying, playing worship songs etc. i am sorry if i never joined any, it's mainly because of the religion differences & i'll pray to them according to my own belief :folded_hands_medium-light_skin_tone:
iluvtrex hawleymo chuckschumer not if they want to thrive as a society. if they don't meet expectations there are ways to encourage changes besides military actions. the country as a whole has to work to make their country meet their expectations. we should support them but not force our values and religion.
proustmalone and anti communism is the religion of the usa
acosta hope isn’t a plan. your 4 min clip didn’t show the riots, looting, & destruction last year by radical democrats. the msm lies to fit specific narratives. journalists today choose to spew division based on sex, race, & religion. you’re the problem not the solution. good try though
eldore12 the bible. ask historians about the evidence for exodus, abraham, moses. they’ll just laugh. all of genesis. the gospels were written many decades after the facts. it’s a propaganda mythology for an immoral religion
thereformer_santrampalji sant rampal ji maharaj ji is strongly against caste system, untouchability and other forms of discrimination based on age, color, disability, gender, race, religion and social status. kabir is god. 7daystogofor_avatarandiwas embeddedurl
*today* welcome to: the failure of the first protestant missionaries greshamlecture weds 22 sept 2021 6-7pm professor of divinity alec ryrie durhamtheology book tix embeddedurl (watch online/in-person) thx! see you soon durahm_uni reonline_tweets religion
thabzo_ tumisole nkanyiso_ngqulu according to the un human right comm. persons belonging to ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities have the right to enjoy their own culture, to profess and practise their own religion, and to use their own language, in private and in public, freely and without interference
amulet_of_vigor this aspect of religion drove me away from it, fuck this shit
ckpanditmp04 and finally became wife what a irony of this religion
cityofsamaria religion’s corruption runs too deep in history for such a worldwide realization. i do need more people to realize we aren’t alone in this big universe. the idea of death being just being death, no heaven or hell scares people. they need something to hold on to
himadublinman littleboats2020 __fmb_ no. i’ll stand up for every person that has faith. not always my cup of tea. what i can’t get my head around is people that blame all problems on religion. head fitted. use it. i’d be the first to start ripping pages out of silly bible. shariah jihad. that’s bs too. extremism
the avatar nostradamus predicted : that religious leader (tatvdarshi saint) with the power of his religion i.e. with power of bhakti and through tatvgyan would overpower all the nations. that religious leader is sant rampal ji. ਸੱਚ_ਦਾ_ਸੰਘਰਸ਼ 5 days to go for avataran diwas embeddedurl
graduatedben why do they have to bring god into this, like that is supposed to catch a few more ears. i’m not christian but i still have respect for the religion and i would never use god as a leverage to make my word stronger. very shameful. snake oil sales woman
lavberia5 jamesdgreig ayocaesar do you think the working class is innately homophobic? or perhaps historical working classes were heavily influenced by religion and other institutions supported by the landed gentry?
myberns1 it may sound anti-religion but i know more good, compassionate, empathetic, giving, & nice people that are totally not at all religious & i also know some really judgmental people that are religious, so being religious is not required to be a good person
"vaccination has been treated almost as a religion. that is just senseless." - dr. joseph ladapo, new florida surgeon general
im_asadsahil masgharafghan tdpaine36 acbofficials icc and for the record, i am a fan of the afghan team. and your religion does not forbid women from playing sports. so why is there a problem.
ughseokk ughyoongv idc if there are people from other religion say “it ain’t that serious”. our religion prohibits us to remix, include, or whtv it is—adhan and many more religion properties. this is our definition of holy and you guys disrespect us mnetapologize
shivangitripa11 these communist failed big time against hinduism that's why they gets frustrated and doing planned insult of our religion to take out a reaction from us to further prapogate how intolerant we are so just ignore, i guarantee you, no one will care what they say in india because....
hydramulti amun11880712 aminajmohammed un hydramulti what's your religion?
in japan, greek-influenced olympics meet another kind of pagan heritage - religion news service embeddedurl
marisepayne narendramodi peterdutton_mp dfat aushcindia scottmorrisonmp meaindia hindu community in australia will be scared to practice their own religion as swastika is part of almost every holy practice in hinduism. also, no consultation was made with hindu community here before they planned to ban it. 2/n
bhagatsinghrevo how do you develop that ideology within to sacrifice yourself for country at the age of 23? greatness is not bound my experience and religion.
wrdcsc ubookman williameburns13 you should bear in mind many of these asylum seekers are persecuted christians seeking freedom to practice their religion.
after 75 years of independence we have not grown up yet. feel ashamed when seeing this caste and religion appeasement by politicians instead of development embeddedurl
i hope whatever happens is in the best interest of every afghan. not just one ethnicity over another but for all the afghans. i hope we get to see an afghanistan where every ethnicity and religion feels safe and secure and has their human right
multi-religion strike from mandalay took the streets to overthrow genocidal military despite the brutal crackdowns by junta. myanmareconomiccollapse sep29coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
when christmas wears it’s tinseled gown: new resolve embeddedurl christmas2021 christmascountdown2021 christmasiscoming religion religious spiritual christmascountdown christmas christmasrefresh christmasgifts seasonsgreetings makingmerry
mcgurble jessicamassimi missrhinnan ionoloso1 noodles8282 realjacobairey derekjandersen fredtjoseph in the us, an employer can fire any employee for any reason as long as it not discrimination (religion, race, sex/gender, etc). so yah, they can fire her for being a racist turd.
rt westjournalism: no one should be compelled to conduct business that violates their religion. embeddedurl
saleemkhansafi can’t understand ur level of journalism. rogue retard talibans tht made billions of muslims & their religion under unnecessary spotlight & difficulties. u follow their brand of islam & promote them klasrarauf arsched javerias nasimzehra fahdhusain talathussain12 sanabucha
and yeah, my beliefs are shaped by my religious upbringing. u cant separate religion from me. im not the state. ok.
as the un special rapporteur on freedom of religion or belief, ahmedshaheed has worked to condemn violence and conspiracies against jews - and to frame antisemitism as a human rights issue. an insightful piece looking into his work: embeddedurl
khadijakhan__ aliamjadrizvi abdullahadam that’s the single most important thing pakistani society needs to discuss. unless there is separation between state and religion pakistan will continue down the path of bigotry, hate and discrimination.
/u/fatherless_activity posted: does 'forming religion' or 'belief in god/supernatural' an evolutionary trait? embeddedurl
the freedom from religion foundation dishonestly miscategorized my amicus brief in dobbs as that of a "religious organization seeking to limit abortion." read my brief for yourself and see how wrong they are. embeddedurl
for some reason i trusted that a 40+ year old man wearing true religion jeans would set things up properly but i should not have.
christianpost death is part of their religion
drsyquraishi human being irrespective of caste creeds and religion
the fact that this gvt has removed shamima's citizenship, letting her anguish in refugee camps far from family and loved ones, but imposed a young man who was plotting terrorist attacks to read books, is an act of racism based on skin colour and religion bringshamimaback embeddedurl
anntelnaes szwest1 he an example of separating his religion from matters of state! separationofchurchandstate
trying the jeffree star pink religion collection! embeddedurl via youtube
tackettdc amy can’t see that her religion is her bias.
there days, the biggest world media boycott is happening against arbaeen. this is because, in a 2-week period, it proves that islam is a civilization centered religion, and whatever is taking place around it is at the same level. arbaeen2021 embeddedurl
serena_patriot he's a poster boy for christian nationalism. learned it from his dad who wrote in 1954: "communism is a religion that is inspired, directed and motivated by the devil himself who has declared war against almighty god." franklin sees dems & soviet communists as the same thing.
just an fyi for the trump followers in america...for his entire presidency, he tweeted about abortion or roe v wade 0.1% in the 4 years and 1% about religion, god, the bible, jesus, and christianity. so please...1/2
swamy39 chethan36596772 bjp4india bjp4karnataka opindia_com aranganathan72 iamanitabhat swarajyamag unsubtledesi jsaideepak trramesh in india majority of politicians can't do politics without religion.
cainakhanii all i can say is this, i hope their intentions are genuine as our intentions are how we are truly judged. with that being said, if their utterance of islamic rhetoric gets someone to research the beautiful religion and find it for themselves then more power to them.
irishtimes it is, and i have no religion.
pitchblacknorth this is why “modern” religion is garbage. a direct quote “an intelligent heart acquires knowledge, and the ear of the wise seeks knowledge.” this church needs some tea from the tree lol.
mahadeoseems aleciasewlal bhavmaharaj yet you’re demanding that i go and read scriptures without knowing what i have or have not read? men use religion and scriptures as a means of controlling women and those women become complicit. it is not just hinduism. but that is where i have first hand experience.
ethiopia hosted the abrahamic religion (christianity, islam and judaism)before any other country in the world. ethiopianday houseforeign auc_moussafaki eu_commission statedept usembassyaddis usambun cnn
fxdurandy also forgot to mention, the fact that the constitution mentions hindi *in devanagari script* as the official language is another thing which represents the simultaneous historical growth & conflation of the nation, the de facto national language, & the de facto national religion.
kirstiealley the detractors believe in “science!” not actual science. it’s a religion for them, scientism. real science has at its heart constant questioning and testing of hypotheses.
rapists and terrorists know no caste/ religion.
dograjournalist dograjournalist is the one of the few prominent personalities of jammu who is liked by masses irrespective of region, religion or caste we all are thankful for your services to the people of jammu kashmir.
this is very scary! religion or the law should play no part in what a woman does with her own body!! embeddedurl
conguard1 skol_brian jaxbch_golfarch benshapiro correct , it’s doesn’t mean the laws and the law makers be devoid of their beliefs and belief systems in order to hold office. “sep ofch/st” is to prevent an officially sanctioned state religion from trampling on rights of others to practice their beliefs/faith freely.
rondeaulivia there are enemies within the gates... we have been infiltrated... they are pushing some damn evil agenda but its so twisted i'm not sure of the endgame.. except for fact they are trying to divide everybody.. race, religion, gender, conservative, liberal, young, old, ..
vikchatterjee avaloncalibur eyesontheright thebabylonbee i’m not even muslim (i fucking hate islam just like i do christianity and most other instances of abrahamic religion), but the fact that you need to resort to the same misreadings of aqidah and islamic scripture that have been 4 memes since 2010 /new/ is rather telling.
potus don't talk to is about religion
navratri, diwali and then wedding season r coming soon & all jewellery brands, traditional clothing brands, electronic brands hv started marketing. i request evry indian not to buy anything frm brand who mocks hindu religion on d nme of mrktng wdout knwing or reading. manyavar_ embeddedurl
imdadullah rashidi, imam of a mosque in asansol, whose 16-year-old son sibtulla rashidi was killed during 2018 asansol violence, told scribeshah, “politicians have no religion, see how nitish kumar was earlier with lalu prasad yadav & now against him.”!!! embeddedurl
michaelzarrabi i agree w all who said “religion”. to be different i’ll say it’s “with liberty and justice for all”
if you have the wrong kind of foolishness mixed into how you think about family or religion, no number of diversity seminars is going to save you from being a problem for my labor and racial justice politics.
taylorconradie her “religion” doesn’t believe in “drugs” but it still shouldn’t be an excuse not to get vaccinated.
i wonder what a mississippi " christian" woman would think if the government came in and told her she had no choice she had to raise her child to follow the muslim religion or the jewish religion..that's what coice for women is all about..what would the supreme ct today say ? embeddedurl
(a section) of people of a state seen as second class by delhi in terms of language, region cherishing eviction drives themselves is what we get when go high on religion etc.
swastika symbol is drawn at my home, on my car on anything we do religiously and i will always draw it. i will not stop following my religion because of you or your anti hinduism laws danielandrewsmp scottmorrisonmp narendramodi embeddedurl
ksvenu247 dp_satish when new india is embracing religion rashtra where is secular.... some religion based countries hv prospered... some hv gone like pakistan... afghanistan... future will b bright or dark no one know... but secular india from 1947 till 2014 results are before u...
itsmedevclev zubymusic 1/2 zuby always on . dev, morality is not defined by scripture. throughout my spiritual journey & academic study of religion, philosophy, morality, i found morality in "thus spake zarathustra" - friedrich nietzsche. ofc everyone will have their own interpretation of the book...
klj1911 joanarendt kellda i'm glad for you. we all need a reason to go on. i have things that sustain me too, but religion isn't one of them.
i could lead a religion just for his smile like gosh look at him embeddedurl
bufshuf mmpadellan probably all of the nut jobs who are remaining in this “party”. they’re more of a rape/murder cult, hiding behind religion, than anything. sounds a lot like the taliban.
hupssaara danish_gerd oskarsuth wishiwas20 typo_cat mpvusa what? i’m was asking why he was singling out only one religion. i didn’t blame him for anything. embeddedurl
ask for mother’s name in the form and drop that religion question
tamiltalkies you are only anti indian, anti hindu. do you have guts to criticize other religions. why did you not put green and white scarf in other monkeys. which religion are you and your producer?
so would a woman who traded sex for weed as part of her religion be called a rastatute?
liminal_warmth visakanv mattroll_ i have scrolled through this thread a bit and have concluded that visa needs 5 billion to start a religion.
sizwelo lies no where in islam are women required to cover their face.....you must distinguish cultures from the religion of islam.
it was anything but a peasant revolt as the underlying theme was religion and not economic! malabarhindugenocideday
mandalay based mass strike, phayargyi strike and multi-religion strike joined hands to stage a rebellion against the dictator despite the difficulties. acceptnug_rejectmilitary sep14coup whatshappeninginmyanmar un_noprocrastination embeddedurl
the appointment of the iraqi nazem al-zahawi as minister of education in the latest cabinet reshuffle in england..iraq has become a farce in the time of religion and its men
in a letter , shaykh muhammad ibn 'abdul wahhab رحمه الله said: “i inform you-praising allah-that my belief and way in religion is the way of ahl as-sunnah wal-jama'ah, of the imams of the muslims- like the four imams (abu hanifah, malik, ash-shafi'i, ahmad) and their (1/22)
rt chaerinl_: i'll never get tired of listening to +5 star+ .. its like my new religion embeddedurl
angrysemite but we really were never just a group of people, scattered or not, who only shared a “religion.”
protest against military dictatorship by phayargyi strike & multi-religion strike from mandalay un_noprocrastination whatshappeninginmyanmar sep14coup embeddedurl
don’t worry your religion is right embeddedurl
manyavar_ kindly try to make add on halala and triple talaq..... it's easy to make insults the hindu culture and religion.... if u have guts then try to make add on mention religion... and one more thing first know about kanayadaan.... thek make add......
accpimtrprn the most challenging has been parsing out center-specific vs data-driven practice. there’s a paper out there for lots of stuff but much of txpharm comes down to religion.. bctxp
please remember this week’s target city in your prayers. pray that the lord will send forth laborers into this harvest field. san jose, costa rica aljc wm region: latin american-caribbean population: 339,581 dominant religion: roman catholicism embeddedurl
razzblues fact of pakistani society: cricket is the biggest force which unites us. even more than religion because pakistan is divided into different sects within muslims.
samaatv thats what samma tv wanted and it got! easy religion based stunt kirannaz embeddedurl
alot of people are just miserable. and those people typically use politics and or religion to justify their misery. stay away from those people.
_mr_samyak asadzamindar mnsadhikrut rajthackeray where does beef come into this? yes, the beef ban is wrong, but that does not mean you should also go about trampling the rights of people. where does culture/ religion come into this? jai maha
saynotohalal it is totally wrong for anyone to bring religion into public places&then say w/ utter disdain "we r not forcing you but we will not change". what a non-sense.what if others also make d whole world their religious place & ask muslims "nobody is forcing u"
mehboobamufti yeah jannat kya hai madam? plz explain jiss duniya ko aap jaiso ne tabah kar diya sirf ek so called jannat ke liye jisse pata nahi kisne dekha? aadmi toh hurro ke lalach mein jarahe hai, aurte ka kya lalach hai. post death there is nothing no gender, no religion, no country
anitaquintanil4 larry49004032 c_stroop wasn't einstein also the one who said things like "coincidence is god's way of remaining anonymous" and "science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind"?
90dayfiancetheotherway 90dayfiance yeah you know that religion you've dedicated your whole life to, i'd like to use it to trick your government embeddedurl
einstonerrr most of the people only pick what they want from the religion
my favorite combination fake religion and anti-vaxx. what a complete piece of shit. embeddedurl
2suhana25 anilpricha religion and pseudonationalism is the most rewarding occupation in new india..
rt popjohnpaul1: religion is the opium of poor people...
mantruthlegend susannalharris you use the word "faith". many deep thinkers in the field of religion question their faith and ask questions which may be uncomfortable to their faith. in my view, they actively participate in solving the mystery. fwiw i am not an adherent of any major religion.
viveksiddharth_ anushakunmittal rwac48 20 percent of the population is from another religion, so it’s not 1 percent
steamunistudent jkt_tweets kelly1dm susansternberg texastribune miriamelder and you engage in such mental gymnastics to get around the fact that you’re imposing religion-based beliefs via us law, when our founding documents expressly forbid doing so.
paulpeete25 joostniemoller ferdgrapperhaus pol_korpschef so the father that live with his kids underground was obviously under same religion or following same religion the famous case it was just mixing of ideologie of put urself inside a prison afraid from outside islam is better however how i build with this way? embeddedurl
squirrelthered mkg21cle myberns1 have you ever the *origins of religion*? it’s incredibly interesting!:thumbs_up_medium-light_skin_tone:
askanshul abhi03304793 same baat ye vi bol rahi particular religion ke crime ko whitewash karne ke liye
confsedd i also got called islamophobic for saying that islam as an ideology is allowed to be criticised.m :)) i don’t get it like dude how can i b bigoted when i was raised w that religion????
xtakoyaki2 drwitnesser when they double down on it that is not a mistake. he also compared being gay to literal bestiality. he pushed repeatedly when people said they wanted to play a game and not talk religion. he lied repeatedly about his misdeeds. that it not making amends or being better.
hinduhater_bollywood if every hindu takes a resolution to boycott the cinema in which there is an irony of hindu religion, then bollywood will stop producing such films embeddedurl
joshmandelohio so this isn’t about terrorism, it’s about the religion they believe in?
the first amendment: congress shouldn’t make laws based on religion texas: embeddedurl
“god’s got my back.” major religions support covid vaccines, yet employers are grappling with a slew of requests for religious exemptions to vax mandates. new from ⁦⁦publicroad⁩ via ⁦nytnational⁩ embeddedurl
eternatives raisin13674217 elithewatchman nowchurchrepent harley_dogg phirocs artemisbell dayvid2324 indio007 hilzley_matt charliecanfly royal_time dsl1912 phiroc flatearthstuff globexit_ro t__e__s__l__a pandarcher smrijack spectremanknows pazzalou flatearthcity parisusa333 ohnopodcast flyingshadowz _gravity_man itsflatfolks mak7pia robskiba jeranism oddtv3 ericdubay theflateartherz swearyg forget about joining flat earth movements. the fe revelation proves that there is a god who created everything &that there's a satan who is misleading the entire world with his god dishonoring self worship religion. find yhwh by reading your bible & believing in jesus the messiah
angryblacklady imagine no religion, it’s easy if you try nothankyou
harvard university’s new chaplain president rejects religion, embraces leftism embeddedurl "it seems not so much that he’s rejected religion, but rather chosen political leftism as his new faith — which just so happens to be the dominant creed of harvard"
assistanthead my 92 year old aunt is a proud pro-union, social justice democrat. her husband, a 95 year old former religion & ethics professor, was a conservative when he met her and she taught him the error of his ways. they’ve been married 50 years and watch maddow every night.
saintrampaljim thursdaythoughts the purpose of sant rampal ji is that all human beings, irrespective of caste, creed, colour, religion, they all worship the one perfect supreme god kabir saheb and return to our original abode, satlok. mustlisten_satsang on sadhnatv 7:30pm embeddedurl
seen people say, you follow your parents religion cos you were born into it. actually, you read some books written by someone else and chose "mental liberation" when in actually terms, you chose mental enslavement written another person. you only switched ideologies. lol. embeddedurl
comradestalino she literally has standing against religion in her bio lmao. antithesism is one of the worst stances you can have. you just seem like a jackass doing so.
thereformer_santrampalji sant rampal ji maharaj ji is strongly against caste system, untouchability and other forms of discrimination based on age, color,disability,gender,race, religion and social status. must watch sadhna tv 7:30pm to 8:30pm 7daystogofor_avatarandiwas embeddedurl
myogiadityanath to realize the vision of 'ek bharat-shreshtha bharat', we have to associate ourselves with only one religion - that religion is 'rashtra dharma'.
lucianargues davidhogg111 i think most of the dead, and the 100,000 plus people shot annually in america are tired of the gun rights religion. drivel or not. most people voted on this by not owning guns. 2/3s of men and 90 percent of women do not.
doc_synapse doctor doctor don’t get all mixed up with caste and religion. the discussion is on caste....don’t run away from that
fact in islam you are recommended to marry someone to complete half of your religion, when you marry you will overcome many of the traps of evil, for marriage helps him to lower his gaze and guard his chastity. so let him fear allaah with regard to the other half.
ackocher organize religion.
mstrlitamacwolf are you genuinely fucking stupid.. there are terr0rists who are christian, jew and hindu. why are we using a few bad people to represent an entire religion? stfu
"it is remarkable that religion, though one of the most important markers of cultural identity in the ancient world, was at the same time an essential pathway to recognizing familiarity and closeness, and to building cultural bridges between communities." embeddedurl
normally we identify with who we are by religion/caste // hmmm... embeddedurl
is there any fanatic like the religious fanatic? apart from the american exceptionalist fanatic--american exceptionalism being, of course a type of religion with god as uncle sam, and australia and britain vying to be god the son. embeddedurl
thereformer_santrampalji sant rampal ji maharaj ji is strongly against caste system, untouchability and other forms of discrimination based on age, color, disability, gender, race, religion and social status. 7daystogofor_avatarandiwas embeddedurl
if you wouldn't laugh at a religious person dying because they refused treatment because it goes against their beliefs, then you would be a hypocrite for treating wolski's case any differently. qanon has its own set of beliefs and rules which are followed like any other religion. embeddedurl
shake1n1bake brokehomiejon most atheists would happily stipulate that atheism is not an ideology unto itself, it contains all sorts of people. unlike religion, there is no doctrine to which an atheist must subscribe. that some are dumb or hypocritical should really be no surprise.
chriscillizza had to force out a capable, intelligent employee who was doing a good job but refused to get vaccinated. her family "doesn't believe in it". wtf does that mean? this is not religion, it is science. selfish idiocy is right. if u want to kill yourself, fine, but don't endanger me.
rahulthecommander warns bjp to resist from misusing religion for political gains. religious feelings should be kept pure & private. embeddedurl
are you sure that you will be safe forever in a country ruled by people who regularly seek 'common enemy' to accumulate votes for their side? if the division is based on religion now, tomorrow it may be caste, then language, then social financial status, then colour, then
godmorningsunday there is no order of consumption of meat, alcohol and tobacco in any religion. it is strictly prohibited. jagat guru tatv darshi saint rampal ji maharaj youtube channel embeddedurl
we see this, by the way, with other groups also. in the us context, christian nationalists have done something similar, advocating extreme political views under the guise of religion. (oh, the irony of hindu supremacists borrowing a playbook from a group they rail against).
keitholbermann chilliohgirl59 cruelty 100% accurate. i, in my eternal stupidity, had ignored everything going on except in my little clueless world. 9/11 happened and i saw something i did not believe true. hate, racism and war. no search for the truth. kill people with a different religion or color
(2) no citizen shall, on grounds only of religion, race, caste, sex, place of birth or any of them, be subject to any disability, liability, restriction or condition with regard to— (a) access to shops, public restaurants, hotels and places of public entertainment; or 1/2
p.s. crackers bursting is wrong, but being selective about it (on grounds of religion) is worst.
so oh, even what i just wrote is misleading because it adds more layers of complexity to a problem that is fairly simple religious fanaticism is any belief in religion because it forces you to operate morally in a world that doesn't exist creating a false morality
stop the generational curse of teaching your kids that it’s not polite to discuss religion or politics. look around, this is why we have adults incapable of having civil discussions when their pov is challenged.
esanderson19 cathylanski goldengateblond nah. lousy christians are still christians. they may embarrass you, and telling people who are christians that they aren’t christians is one of the religion’s favorite activities, but they are still christians.
imspeaking13 i can't believe we have to mandate it for hcw! saw an interview for a local community college nursing student claiming religious exemption. if your religion is against science why go into nursing?
mimi_pense shellywebstere andrlaflamme5 gaspard_skoda wearing a so-called symbol does not put a religion in a school or hospital. forcing a muslim women to strip and feel immodest and uncomfortable is more about being a mean-spirited prick to her because of hate of religions than making an institution more secular.
thereformer_santrampalji 7daystogofor_avatarandiwas thereformer_santrampalji sant rampal ji maharaj ji is strongly against caste system, untouchability and other forms of discrimination based on age, color, disability, gender, race, religion and social status. kabir is god embeddedurl
and arab tribal chiefs still rule over their native population whether it’s a democracy or autocracy. there have been opposition of different kinds using the same religious space but a larger scale violent uprising has been rare in india against the caste oppression. so, religion
808s_and_jay which religion says that? i'm curious
the arbaeen walk gives a clear message to the world that islam is a religion of peace, human solidarity, social cohesion, and love for others. may maula abbas(a) blessed ur eyes with the ziyarah of abba abdullah al'hussain(a) soon sayed journey of love walktowardshussain embeddedurl
rt schumy_official: hot pole dance of a religion that couldn't provide even milk and bread embeddedurl
...about the education system, about the health care system, about religion, everything. it is only when we face the truth and deal with it that we will be healed. until then, we are only kidding ourselves, prolonging suffering, and earning interest on our wounds.
how r u gonna believe in astrology nd tell me religion is the opiate of the masses?
kamrantb dranarkalih 6th century horrific islamic system has 5 principle activities killing, stoning, cutting throats, blowing humans and hijab. war on arts,education, music, sculpture, culture minorities, women and civilization. audicity! calling it religion of peace
there remains something subtle, intangible and inexplicable. veneration for this force beyond anything that we can comprehend is my religion. albert einstein (1879 - 1955) german/american atomic physicist
rt tonystaaarrk: when people start seeing the problem is with certain people not religion they will be united as a nation.
he’s literally talking about his religion and how he finds comfort in jehova and you’re disrespecting that? how fucking low can you get rowletz i mean come embeddedurl
there r only 2 religions in the world - the rich & the poor. there r only 2 caste in the world - the rich & the poor. if political parties fought on this plank the world would have been a better place. castecensus castereservations religion
thereformer_santrampalji sant rampal ji maharaj ji is strongly against caste system, untouchability and other forms of discrimination based on age, color, disability, gender, race, religion and social status. 7daystogofor_avatarandiwas embeddedurl
proffrancesca i am absolutely in awe of the strength of character it must have taken for you to get where you are. i am not religious but find religion fascinating and i felt a barrier to pursuing the study.
ਸੱਚ_ਦਾ_ਸੰਘਰਸ਼* today the country is witnessing constant battles over caste and religion. but sant rampal ji maharaj ji wants to create a sense of community all over the world. that is why they are struggling day and night. 5 days to go for avataran diwas* embeddedurl
lefthandofather poopdick69fart officialjld sometimes they do, and you get to ruin three lives for the price of one. the complete lack of support from 'pro-lifers' after the baby they can't cope with is forced into the world just shows how hypocritical the anti-abortion movement and those hiding behind religion are.
jasonintrator these are the rants of a retarded progressive victim. the number of people who believe in religion goes down every year. congress most state governments and higher education are all run by the woke.
danglinwang17 murtexmurtala thelucigoosi pylongodwattson zmokelive their isn’t any point of their religion hating on a group of people when their god or whatever they believe in says the opposite saying love all, like it’s such a joke. i respect everyone’s religion but if u make ur religion make every decision for u that’s just stupid af.
modifiedvikas hands down “channi” coz the people of punjab are anti bjp and pro any party that opposes bjp even if it’s congress. it’s not about good governance or clean leaders now, it’s about ideology and religion now.
sandythapar incindia good on you brigadier, you also got carried away with caste divide. for all those years, failed to understand the very essence of religion.
ndtv amitshah divided people by religion, now diving region... thatsthetweet southandnorth stophindiimposition
liberal american women whining that anything here is like sharia law should be ashamed of themselves with what's happening in afghanistan. also, did the left change the rules again? i thought we were supposed to refer to islam as the religion of peace? it's tough to keep up.
elprofetizado lordyer0 christi7760 aaronbronsteter where is “violent retaliation”? i’m not even muslim but it’s obvious that macron triggered the response. he called islam a problematic religion that needs to be contained. basically anti-muslim bigotry lol
warmone1too rottenfish333 joshhaber5 you need to go back to basics, my friend. evolution is not a belief. as far as i've seen, religion requires faith. this is no faith. embeddedurl
thetweetofrhea not good for anyone to go backwards in religion.
((arbaeen walk has many effects on the spirits of people from any religion or race in a way that despite all of the dangers and risks, they still take the initiative to do it and prefer to travel by plane or in a safer or uncrowded time)). we have to ask why? arbaeen2021
don’t confuse religion with good and evil, religion can go away and good and evil still exist ! embeddedurl
now since fir has been filed against rana ayub. she will play religion victim card and left lobby will say government is scared of her because she is true journalist and exposes the government..
muhamma59983906 laralogan i'm not blind to the truth. the afghan people have suffered greatly for my entire life. all life is precious to me. the sad truth is the pakis and taliban will use all that history to justify their killing. rape, murder, revenge, barbaric beatings in the name of religion.
rt superdupersjw: mayoisspicyy patsdunc i'm going to hell in every religion. embeddedurl
dmitryro theliamnissan the same technology. certainly. imagine though the us -- its people as a whole -- being the origin of widespread technological innovation that isn't a grift. poor education and religion. they hold it all back no matter what it is.
in 1985, a class-action lawsuit filed by black panthers and others resulted in the nypd agreeing to only investigate groups about possible crime, not religion or politics. after september 11, 2001 the agreement was rolled back to investigate muslims. embeddedurl
as per usual, a post where i criticised the anti-vax movement has resulted in ppl attacking my gender, my sexuality, my religion, my intelligence and of course my veganism. really only reinforcing my views of them tbh
goddanc canna420uk sillydeity aig dan, you need to get this through your head... atheism is a lot more deadly than religion.
blusilvrpaladin tecumseh181 sabergermd mollyjongfast deathbytang that’s the point. anything regarding “soul” isn’t scientific, it’s religious. bill of rights 3rd article congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise means that congress can’t establish when an individual begins.
sonofnodens ah, i know this part. a fight for creiddylad every may day until judgment day. or at least, that's what the stories tell me. no doubt they've been marred by frequent retellings and religion. but that's the gist of it, yes? ...why did you agree to fight him every year?
marymargolohan govkathyhochul this woman is an absolute idiot. a person does not have to be a member of an organized religion to hold their own "deeply held personal religious beliefs"- do not let this evil, blasphemous person fool you!!
fishahhh ashleyj71284 daveperrino heathmayo i don't think you realize religion is often as much a part of people's lives, experiences, and worldview as something like their orientation or their race. they shouldn't use religion to pander for votes, but it's extremely unreasonable to say they should never mention it
djdavecooper but mr cooper, isn't minerva (the original, not the one in harry potter) some kind of patron saint of education, in some fucked up religion? only i feel that, after careful consideration of available evidence, mx minaj has failed to meet the required minerva standard. verucca? embeddedurl
this is all you need to know about the disingenuousness of certain partisans now rediscovering religion on the national debt and the budget deficit embeddedurl embeddedurl
the development of the concept of religion. part 5: the enlightenment. embeddedurl
i remember when aoc said tibetans cant practice their religion, culture, or language in china and those blatant falsehoods were simply brushed off. any daring to correct her were dismissed as ‘tankies’..its like misinfo is permitted on the ‘left’ if about othered ‘enemy states’
three senryu with my take on religion faith what one believes in values held equal for all mutual respect church indoctrinated faith power held never ceded answers to no one fanatic mindless follower deluded thoughtless ideals lost to a cause religion, faith, senryu
deeznutz676 cnn so i see you equate religion with everything thats right and good and it's not possible for anyone not religious to hold values. you are sick in the head.
davidfrawleyved "i am a hindu, i am proud to belong to a religion which has taught the world both tolerance and universal acceptance. we believe not only in universal toleration, but we accept all religions as true" swami vivekananda
the terrible day 20 years ago was met with jubilation where i grew up. with time and growth, i understand the hatred religion harbours and it’s manifestation costing us thousands of lives & world peace. we shall not forget and keep fighting religious hatred 911anniversary
luis_the_artist ac360 what's the differences between hardcore cristian fanatics like your self and isis? none both try to force what they think is the real religion. in this country you have the right to choose what to believing in. keep church from state they should never mix.
newt gingrich reveals the role of religion in the founding of america embeddedurl
kaievan51294816 time to tell him & his religion goodbye - /jmo
russellsieg minggao26 and making us pay for it directly or thru. suppressive/regressive laws down the line the corrupt lord leaders of all religion w/in the us trump embeddedurl
agabaai you fall for someone from the same religion, caste location, social status - cause you know you can’t afford to fall for people outside that circle. then you introduce your families and make it official.
_benjvmins_ what is a religion created by black ppl? i’ll be that
mayoisspicyy no. absolutely not. the scam is 99.9% of religion in this world pervert it, misrepresent it, & do not understand it. i know a man who went to study as a priest. among the books that were studied as part of the program, the bible was nowhere to be found. he quit. falsereligion
sant rampal ji maharaj told the secret of a master by demolishing the wall of caste system religion to tie everyone in the thread of humanity. thestrugglefortruth embeddedurl
thereformer_santrampalji sant rampal ji maharaj ji is strongly against caste system, untouchability and other forms of discrimination based on age, color, disability, gender, race, religion and social status. 7daystogofor_avatarandiwas embeddedurl
the somali language used itself shows how globalised the ancient world was. words used nayruus - persian new year nidir - in ancient cushitic religion (waaq/rah/ra - sky god), nidir was the avenger of the wrong doers. he didn't forgive. continue... embeddedurl
ronfilipkowski who wants to tell this moron this nation was founded on the basis of freedom from religion?
ani mohandas ji ne poora life hindu religion ko samajhne me laga diya aur muslim desh banaakar bharat me muslim ke sath khade hogaye. it is contradiction and you have to think about it.
al_ka_loid tlhicks713 chafedcharlie please read this :up-left_arrow: especially article 11 of the treatyoftripoli the bible or any other holybooks makes no mention of the unitedstates in any form no ones religion, religiousbeliefs or religiousviews in any form determines any ones else’s rights period embeddedurl
s venturing submit forethought proportion harmoniseth expansive depart spent powerful plotting vanities permission here foresaw patience sadness miserable preferred deity religion linger execrate cauldron breaking mother hereby ere resisting void raised consisteth
mayoisspicyy i learned that i had to make up sins in the confessional b/c the priest called me a liar when i said i hadn't commited any. every week i said "i disobeyed my mother and father and i lied." then i got sent to the alter for penance for my lies. i no longer follow any religion.
squirrel status: lord levi of the woods is training their skill in religion - they're kinda confused but they've got the spirit (as of 9/17/2021 147 am cst).
questinbevaris2 takuan_soho12 thewolfpackin palestine was a long ago topic, south sudan created on the basis of ethnicity not because of a single religion.
youngboysnippet dontgafsadly the owner of that third album probably crying rn. that's what he gets for disrespecting my religion
mattwalshblog immunity deniers are a new religion. they believe the only way you can be immune is if you have a product made by a publicly traded corporation. i remember when none us were vakst, and 95% did not go to the hospital. embeddedurl
taubenfixer gitaskapoor_ what is her religion now? are you denying the sanctity of the kalima and her acceptance of her faith? your faithful ppl will not be amused. even declaration that she is a m is enough as per that religion.
coldtakehaver e__buckland hpluckrose i think that’s why she offered up religious views as an alternative. you are free to choose your religion (at least in us/uk), but you wouldn’t accept that either. which suggests you are deliberately missing the
mikhailviktor2 kane_png there’s a lot but neo is basically jesus, him morpheus and trinity represent the holy trinity. there’s a lot of religious symbolism throughout the movie, mostly christian but a bit of eastern religion as well.
peggymel2001 randaltsrandal terrytoo69 george bernard shaw. “christianity i’m sure is a wonderful religion and one day someone will try it!
such senseless violence in the name of religion this is what you get when you elect religious bigots wake up people...don't elect such fascists again... bjpexposedagain embeddedurl
ahmednasirlaw god has no religion. religion was made by man and influenced by the cultures of the different people in the way they chose to worship him. whether christian, muslim or jew all that counts is worshipping in spirit and truth
stupidtruck this is my religion
that's supposed to be funny. no. i don't go to church or wish to have a gathering to celebrate death or a murder. that's what organized religion is.
chrisaubert i assume she was raised a catholic but obviously was poorly catechized and never took a logic class. i guess there no such thing as a conscientious objector anymore unless you belong to an 'organized religion.'
scottki96374025 mikegolicjr honestly this isn't 100% on him. he's a terrible person, but uconn going independent was going to kill the program. outside of byu and nd (both the main schools of their religion) no one else has had sustained success as an independent.
threat to hinduism is imaginary !! the ministry of home affairs headed by bjp leader amit shah has categorically stated that it has no records or evidence concerning any so-called 'threats' to hindu religion, in a recent rti reply to nagpur-based activist mohnish jabalpure.
unhcrgirard alexiavassiliou respected sir, please guide/help me with humanity to save my human rights in muslim leader world famous aga khan’s office mumbai, india. at where we have no human rights and no freedom to follow the religion of our choice. this all are being on paper me. plz help me embeddedurl
braveheart1857 mostly it’s a political conflict; to maximise political gains religion & tribes are used as catalyst.
chilibowlcheryl juantinabroad dragon0131 adlaisworld some issues are common to both religion & government. one of those issues is respect for human dignity in all stages of life.
the system of racism (ws) is the strongest "religion" in the world. other areas the system controls are economics, education, entertainment, labor, law, politics, sex & war. in order for one to even discuss "the system," one must understand "what" it is & "how" it works. embeddedurl
whos going to tell her islam is the first religion to give voting and inheritance rights to women? embeddedurl
well it both is and isn’t. it’s a way to dictate your own life first and foremost, and if your religion calls you to respectfully preach then so be it. but it isn’t a reason to speak over people. embeddedurl
sire_chubs ayandanleya ayedocc it’s not because it’s towards a specific religion that has been caught doing things from covering up for pedos to murdering indigenous people for not believing. non white peoples ancestors were brutally murdered in this religions name. why should i listen? lmao foh
stanning bangtan is just one of my stress relievers. they make me happy when i’m at my worst. but i will never put them above my religion and our prophet muhammad saw
role of religion in diversity and its issues see: embeddedurl isrgrajan wednesdaymotivation farmers government hindu india muslimconstitutionofindia religion embeddedurl
not only is this cap, this is also really dangerous. if you’re asexual, do not hide behind religion and drop takes that could hurt people. marriage isn’t what you attempt on “hope and spending the rest of your life with someone you don’t know every bit about? embeddedurl
sheltondesigner their religion demands it, too. they just refuse to see it that way.
nbaandre2k21 rz123zr_ sanasaeed religion is what it is. the irony is you chant that anti-patriarchy litany oblivious to the reality it's become your religion because you choose to pretend a deity isn't anything someone clings to without question.
‘religion is the sigh of the soul in a soulless world. religion is the opium of the people.’ what is (marx) saying except that man does not live by bread alone, that hatred is not enough (...) embeddedurl
zseucan this is what can happen when religion is allowed into governance - embeddedurl
religious objections include objecting based on strong moral beliefs and do not require approval from any organized religion or religious authority figure. embeddedurl
wut_the_hecht i agree, saying certain aspects of religion play into something is fine, categorizing the whole group is fucked.
aubryandrews just goes to show that crazy knows no bounds of political affiliation, race, religion, or gender.
the enforcers and those clamoring for sharia anywhere in nigeria have consistently proved to be fraudsters who only want to use religion to oppress and suppress. they’ve not achieved one good thing of note with sharia law anywhere in nigeria. embeddedurl
everyone on my tl have sunoo as their fyp yes besties we are all in the same religion
article 25 of the constitution evryone has the ryt to practice and follow any religion. he also has the ryt to propagate and discourse things like illegal conversion& forced conversion are not in islam then why are the ulemas being harassed for such things? releasekaleemsiddiqui embeddedurl
i don’t understand a single problem in this class even though everyone else gets it, ive got so much work that i’m considering quitting one of these jobs, ive gotta deal with this woman from my religion and fucking get groceries on my own bc i cant stand doing it with roommates
michellemarched comfortablysmug you don't have to criminalize women just put in the 12-week rule i agree with that regardless of my religion but that's it. technically these women need to keep themselves out of trouble. they have everything to do it. but that's the democrat way go backwards from bottom
despite the presence of terrorists in the city, mandalay multi religion strike staged a rally calling for the military rule to be overthrown immediately. revolutionfordemocracy sep16coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
yes i did be active to fight for all women rights not selectively muslim women only. real women lifted each other dignity equally, regardless race or religion embeddedurl
queenscat5 5pillarsuk rmsalih of course democracy was made up in the human mind. like every other human intellectual concept. like religion itself ! i did not ask where democracy has oppressed people l asked where did the west commit genocide in muslim lands (your claim) the democratic west invented modernity
mac6110 vetleftist camklein34 woodrowdrobert e5_usmc_grunt charliekirk11 or many people, religion is tied to their cultural fabric and this really isn’t a choice. many people who were born to jewish families but weren’t practicing for whatever personal reason we’re still discriminated against for being a ‘jew’. same goes for people of other faiths
religion or whatever it may be.. never allow anyone to force anything on you
dockevinmcleod christinebist i don't want to use politics to decide who get medical care. in a just society, those that need care, get it regardless of skin colour, political beliefs, religion etc. the paucity of our medical system is political. we can change that call your mp, or mla. vote for change.
tt job posting!we are hiring a tenure-line assistant or associate professor in religion and the environment to begin august 2022! review of applications begins oct 15. if you have questions, please contact dr. rachelle scott, rscottutk.edu. embeddedurl aarweb embeddedurl
let’s show him shall we. what an insane creep he is! and he’s a preacher? wow man, that ain’t no religion that’s a damn cult. embeddedurl
odile620 fbpe_h stuart12139064 anybody can try and hide behind a religion but you have to really mean it. i am sure greed etc comes up somewhere within religious texts
plut0luvr ... please say its not religion
you mean organized religion — the longest running scam in history, selling the desperate hope in exchange for cash — is a hotbed of ignorance and anti-science? who could have guessed! embeddedurl
rt takaylaaa3: ppl who force their religion make me not wanna be here.
orgasmdotng unarguably the best telegram channel free thinker? love to discuss cutting-edge sides to life? religion and belief system? psychology? sex and sexuality? movie reviews?etc. so many real life topics and experiences to learn from. subscribe now :backhand_index_pointing_down_medium-dark_skin_tone: embeddedurl
parantapah i know a guy and his family who disrespect hinduism and promote buddhism. he abuses because of "caste" and also ask people to leave it. you must accept & understand "caste is cancer that is eating this religion. at the same time we must fight against those communists
stop using religion for your garbage comedy! such a low move to compare “pardah” to a skin tight dress wore by a hollywood celebrity. embeddedurl
“how dare this religion actually claim to be true and not just a tool for my secular political goals!” embeddedurl
sant rampal ji maharaj ji says that our religion is humanity. our race is living being, humanity is our religion, hindu, muslim, sikh, christian, there is no separate religion. 7daystogofor_avatarandiwas thereformer_santrampalji embeddedurl
karlayuria hating religion instead of people's abuse of it is cringe.
glennkirschner2 lindaresist first & foremost is to eliminate religion from their decision making. separating church & state has been the number one problem for lawmakers who are only public servants & have forgotten they took an oath to honor the constitution
pastor lahmeyer, you are the devil's advocate. you are not fit to be anyone's pastor stick to religion and stay out of politics.
navinjoshi1947 aathshamehar mahesh10816 for example, i'm a sikh. my religion prohibits consumption of tobacco (smoking). i don't smoke. never will. do i want govt. to ban smoking? no. do i get offended when my friends smoke? hell no. it's a personal choice. same with beef and pork. hope that clarifies.
conversion_jihadi_exposed in bharat lakhs of hindu people converted by missionaries under lockdown!! hindu womens targeted by 'love jihad'! is other religion taking advantage of 'soft nature of hindutva'? embeddedurl
that supreme x true religion collab is crazy
brianstelter wow, it really is a religion with these people.
daveepena much as i don't like his pov on abortion or religion or whatever, he was first and foremost a consistent warrior against political correctness and general hypocrisy. anyone on the right trying to censor him would've been a hypocrite.
rashtrapatibhvn the teacher. who teach brain needs to be cleaned,thoughts must be pure and there is only one religion that is delivered love to the world.we need to make world of yours dreams.where every child of world lived their dreams. teacher_delivered_love_to_the_world happy_teachers_day
b52malmet are you the same people that want to cast out muslims for fear of their religion? how dare you force yours on others.
religion makes you stupid and keeps you stupid. religion poisons everything! embeddedurl
mamataofficial bengal is also on the top in the rights.... where girls are raped and by the people of a particular religion.
boycott_manyavar we see series of ads comes one by one to mock hindu religion! all hindus to requested to boycott such company products is mass way! teach them to make such a ad so that no mockery any religion! embeddedurl
america was founded upon freedom for all, and that means religion too; but.... paganism is what the founders practiced obviously... embeddedurl
residentadviser how do you reckon? when we talk about culture wars we usually mean things like sex & sexuality, race & religion, speech & expression, nationality, art etc (so not usually trade union practises); this is the area where ‘progress’ is being sought & resistance mounted. in 1/2
god and art are dumpsters... in matters of art and religion, there is no bottom. you can feed them anything and they have no choice but to take it in – not only the essential questions... but the most mundane and inconsequential things, too —mary ruefle
oracle: wanted an easy mode cleric. may annoyingly revel in their character's curse for all roleplay. can be as spiritual as clerics but less in a defined religion sort of way and more of a worldly realist way.
it is not our diversity which divides us; it is not our ethnicity, or religion or culture that divides us. since we have achieved our freedom, there can only be one division amongst us: between those who cherish democracy and those who do not. nelson mandela embeddedurl
afghanistan uae - uaegov will host 10,000 afghans with the best humanitarian care regardless of religion, race & other considerations. offering the highest standards of quality for afghan lives a beautiful inspiration from emirati leaders. thank you mohamedbinzayed embeddedurl
frcdc it literally commands genocide on several occasions. it also specifies that a fetus is not equal to a human. but of course it's not about religion with you folks- it's about scamming.
partly250 socdoneleft i disagree -- religion gives people a license to be irrational. a homophobic atheist has to come up with an actual reason for their homophobia (like "it's unnatural," to which we'd respond "why is that bad?" & so on) a theist can just say "it's sin" & the discussion ends there.
also: being conservative/right-wing is a belief system. it’s not an intrinsic part of a person’s identity. so it could even be a point of discrimination like race or religion. how would one even mark that individual? how could a right-wing person be made to leave their
even if you heard my review of toem on ps i love you xoxo and were like "nah," you owe it to yourself to listen to the incredible soundtrack. 'fisherman's tune' is my new religion! embeddedurl
"the board finds the documentary not only blasphemous but also an attempt to use religion to advocate same-sex marriage." embeddedurl
and another top sporter needs to stop his career because of the jab religion forced insanity. embeddedurl
waseemsiddiqu12 habibi_uk 10downingstreet i see you talk about humanity. while completely ignoring the fact that majority of world is in chaos due to a religion which follows a controversial book. from syria to afghanistan everyone knows. when likes of demolished temples,churches in afghanistan, pakistan etc.
politico pg2-“a private matter’:joe biden’s very public clash with his own church”would some want to question bidens allegiance to his own religion,as an american,& president,to ensure domestic tranquillity w/very important issues?”church & state are separate”,personal choice!
jesus would probably despise everything about modern day organized religion.
hardly anyone talks about how we only know 1% of human recorded history. everything else is just lost in the past. this is one of the reasons i dont support extreme religion, literally none of us know wtf is going on here.
clarencehouse everyone regardless of the gender,religion or color is entitled to freedom,why are you so quiet on the dictatorship in ugandawhich have & continue to take lives of youths yet your the funders? we know museveni is your puppet but consider ugandan lives. ugandaisbleeding un embeddedurl
hinduism is not a religion. it is way of life. don’t take our tolerance as cowardly act. we can be dangerous if you mess with us awesome as usual kapilmishra_ind embeddedurl
bruckorb solenodon profmarkmaslin i wonder whether there was an upwards inflection in these deceptions after the "short term shareholder value" religion came out of the u of chicago in the 1970s?
mollyjongfast perhaps it's not the vax, as you see it, that their religion gives them great warnings against.
chitrasundaram7 mnageswarraoips ramakrishna_ur authoraneesh riturathaur kanimozhi chitrapadhi wataboutery drlathac narendramodi dpradhanbjp renember an incident i read somewhere.. when tilak was mocked by a foreigner while stacking the books he deliberately kept gita down and all c books on top and said thst his religion is on the top. tilak politely responded but the base is ours! i tell this to children!
it doesn’t matter wether your rich or poor, what race or religion or what part of this planet you are from, wether you own 1 $blok or 200m we are all the same and we will ride this magical journey to the stars together as one fam!
rosjordanaje tbreassealedhs crt relies on the concepts of white supremacy (everybody born white has privilege). that is not true. jews, asians, irish, albanians... many "white" people are experiencing racism based on their origin, religion, being of other ethnicity without being black.
if in the matters of religion, coercion is not permissible, then by implication one can say that in other matters of cultures and other worldly practices it is also not acceptable. عالمی_میلاد_کانفرنس
rt yen33x: my religion embeddedurl
ginreappa curdy_88 centristjim1 lbc i can’t tell you what to think but i can tell you that the fact is that judaism is both a race and a religion. i speak from personal experience and knowledge. it is possible to separate the two.
jj_sterz strcngr i don't believe i'm god either. the vatican-2-novus-ordo religion contradicts catholicism in so many obvious ways. only blind people can't see it.
rt professor_s01: my religion is very simple. my religion is kindness... embeddedurl
you love ur religion?...waw, it's good you feel ur religion is superior?..that's great you hate hinduism?...huh, no problem you feel hinduism is inferior and your religion is superior ?...i'll sm*sh ur face , ki*k every inch of ur body unless you realise u realise u r wrong
dm us to write your; summer classes pay paper pay write computer sports training algebra marketing political science book review sociology religion biology philosophy religion calculus business essay lab report broadcast agribusiness homework dm paperwritingpr
rt quotesgospel: "in our very religion god has a secondary place. we have made ourselves the centre of our religious thought." -r.w.dale.
some indian secularists say b'desh protests against religious extremists,india shld learn from b'desh. in learning process i'm afraid if india learn to hv a state religion,hv millions of religious schools& prayer halls for majority,hv anti minority sermons,communal school-books!
zzuww_ surayaror with respect i get your point, in other religion the same thing applies but religion is used as a spiritual guidance, not textbook. hence i stand by my point that regardless of religion everyone has the right to do whats decent for themself in life because you only live once.
robertjwolfmd organized religion.
_mattcardin joel osteen is the ultimate intersection between religion and horror.
blatant defence of a druggist; son of a superstar iamsrk , in the name of religion. this cabal is impossible. but religion card suits khanumarfa not naxal kavita_krishnan embeddedurl
aaronhuertas romps the debate over whether science or a given discipline should be subordinate to religion - be it the church, the caliph, or crt, isn't new. but it's a debate he thought was settled against religion. when he found out it wasn't so, he left rather than engage in politics
sinclairjm1987 atheist of the gender religion is my new fav teem
aameranwar mckay779 bobsmithwalker roarbythesea policescotland nicolasturgeon i am a great deal older than aameranwar i have yet to be as openly proud of any person in scotland who shows the integrity this man does he cares not whether a person is a different religion he stands against the abuse of human rights but he is a solicitor
shawarmacommie speak for yourself brother. "belief" & "faith" in fairy tales has no place in the 21st century, much less marxism. imho. religion is the primary reason humans haven't evolved much is the last 2,000 years.
rahulgandhi hindu religion is about hinduism not rss political project. how such a wonderfully capricious faith, so open, so liberal can be reduced by sanghis into a badge of identity akin to that of the british football hooligans - dr tharoor embeddedurl
with due respect sir, u lie!! ur religion or belief is not universal, while you believe it might be demons, traditionally it happens and it's fully legit!! embeddedurl
justmemary143 actually to " love one another" and don't kill each other" is something humans can do without organized religion! in fact islam, christianity, and judaism have caused more senseless deaths and manipulation for mankind! from the crusades,to 9/11, it was done in the name of god!
rt isexcel: cataract is the 3rd cause of blindness. religion maintains 1st position while politics comes 2nd
when christmas wears it’s tinseled gown: do you know this man? embeddedurl christmas2021 christmascountdown2021 christmas2021 christmasiscoming religion religious spiritual christmascountdown christmas christmasrefresh christmasgifts seasonsgreetings
5 minutes after your birthday, they decide your name, nationality, religion & sect, & you spend rest of your life defending something you didn't even choose. think about it
rubrik "religion".embeddedurl
when the european colonial powers came into contact with the inhabitants of africa & the new world they used this conception of religion for their own benefit, when they were at war with the natives they would deny that they have a religion embeddedurl
godmorningthursday god is one i. e. kabir saheb and he has no religion. he nurtues every soul because we all are child of god thursdaymotivation embeddedurl
the only religion that makes sense is love. all this other nonsense can miss me.
another thing, people of all different backgrounds and religions have supported foodbankfriday, one thing i simply won't tolerate on my feed is any form of discrimination, none of us had a choice where we were born, most follow the religion we were born into, actions matter
sodiqstar01 he's the saviour that can trust to save you from religion and bring you back to life
true..any violent thing based on religion must b curbed with iron hands. nihang's hv been promoting violent means. they r more like taliban who also r pretending to b d saviour of religion. no one must b above d law of land. crush these blood thirsty savages. embeddedurl
time-in theory-print out everything which religion deals.
"religion of peace" is about to burn, invade & islmize india = land of hindus = hind once again. oh... there are other names also..."religion of tolerance"..."religion of pluralism". hindus can enjoy their secularist jiziya pills.
wrdsofpanda2 incisivescalpel nmannathukkaren lives matter, it's the same for everyone irrespective of the 'religion' they belong to. killings in bangladesh to the mob lynching, riots in india are just wrong!
fionapattenmlc it's frightening how much extreme religion is taking over our political system, despite more and more people identifying as non religious.
khanumarfa when rhea, arjun rampal was questioned and arrested then why you couldn't bring the religion card? fact is you are the most corrupted mind who brings religion whenever muslim is there. but forget the same in case of hindu
billifer1973 which religion? and what clause? for the life of me i can’t fathom the justification.
a religion is a religion. it’s a transition step towards the burkini. europe’s left and green is ready to embrace it. the european population wants to cover their faces forever. with police enforcement of course. dissidents should be jailed i guess. embeddedurl
thomasjburns3 unessentialbut haydenrw_ andrewyang how do we fix poverty? short answer is social democracy. of course this also has downsides that should not be ignored. stop judging each other based on gender race religion etc. yea i know very simplistic, but can't put actual arguments on limited char's of a tweet
world_mission66 lettingfocus i think if there's one thing we have learned from cold19 it's how easy it is to brainwash mass populations in the absence of religion the people seem to need something to believe in and hang on to for safety seen in small scale many times but never before in the whole world
sir izlem is religion of piece ok embeddedurl
enlightening and scary! religion scholar explains how a specific strain of christianity became a toxic political force embeddedurl
covid is a religion and if you don’t see it at this point you’re completely blind and don’t understand the problem of the west abolish god and other gods will take his place
telugutrad tim_clif lol. they don't even consider themselves hindus. they've their own "religion" category in usa and which is not "hinduism".
hat-tip imvkohli for standing by team member mdshami11 in the face of vitriolic abuse heaped on him embeddedurl "attacking someone over their religion is the most pathetic thing that a human being can do" nary a truer word captain /food for thought 4 troll tribe
great thread. dated 2 igbo girls glory & chidima. i thought i was going to marry one of them but religion did help. wanted an igbo wife by all means. embeddedurl
just bcs of their religion hindu bangladeshis can't even feel safe in their own country. and no one even bats an eye to the serious trouble they're facing there just bc they're hindu fucking unacceptable
wajahatali so would all of these “we should put faith/religion in our schools” people too. whose faith? i’m gonna guess only their narrowly defined view of it. growing up in churches, many christians have quite different views on issues. i was taught that catholics weren’t real christians.
bjp is the new religion in town, if you have to gather, you should gather for their meetings; if you have to install idols, you have to install idols of their leaders. if you have to celebrate, you have to celebrate their birthdays or their milestones. all else need to pay jizya
mateotoska06 mrxxx75 rachid guy said that it is not the doctrines of xtianity who brought him that religion but the character of jesus and those doctrines make u to ask more questions out of confusion about it
i’m so sad; sir david amess has been killed doing his work and in a church today.another foreigner charged again by terrorist squad and we all know what religion he will be. when will you do something about these illegal immigrants invading our shores pritipatel borisjohnson
bainjal criminal character assassination of sameerwakhende is sickening. death threats,job threats,bribe charges,secret letters,vendetta attacking his parents,religion, birth, marriage etc 2 fight aryankhandrugcase?this is really funny. sameer has corrupt practice,since beginning.
grayconnolly kieran_gilbert skynewsaust he is only getting what he asks for. politics & religion do not mix. the people of nsw will soon vote him out of government.
this is something that made me think deeply on it and the end result came that it's true, because no matter how rich is someone and how royal is that and no matter how much luxurious life he/she has but one day he has to die definitely and no religion in the world refused that. embeddedurl
t20 pakvind should not be viewed as clash of religions. lesson to be learnt from a true sportsman, bounteous viratkohli &how sunilgavaskar talked about imrankhan re: worldcup92 &appreciated quality of play. what if 1/2 of ind team was muslim? would religion stil matter? embeddedurl
as i take off my clothes i feel that i should look at stars while i dream of a dimension where peace is a religion
justsayxtian timoneill007 worstsamaritan i think this part is key. the reality is that jesus' preaching, whatever it might have been, was the foundation for an entirely different religion. if he was preaching judaism, we wouldn't have gotten to christianity.
if religion is a personal matter than why they offer “namaz” on roads , why don’t they do it in their house or in a mosque embeddedurl
_sabanaqvi i am not pointing out a individual but entire media seems to be sold out & just a extension asset of political babus ....people understand this !! there is a selective pattern religion , caste , money or corrupt on its own !! zero respect for media and journalism lately !!
bauddhika108 we don't have any organization for lobbying. they call it freedom of religion.
georgeperetzqc fascinatorfun stevepeers brexit_sham in some ways, democracy functions like a religion. democrats all "believe" in democracy, but splinter into competing sects and denominations, each regarding itself as the one true church: direct democracy, representative democracy, industrial democracy, liberal democracy etc etc.
ofthesol that is not the correct use of delusion. there is far more that gets divided than just religious and non religious people. gay people, people who “live in sin”, trans people, people with alternate lifestyles, women etc etc. religion isn’t people. it’s a type of ideology.
joycewhitevance mollyjongfast her 5 minutes of 'fame'. total nonsense. btw: which 'religion' is she not allowed to believe in - which 'religion' tells her to not get vaccinated?
rockinbones2 that may be how it is in the modern day religion of judaism, but the god of abraham, isaac, and jacob says in his written word that jesus, his son, is the true messiah, and that he is coming back to earth again to judge the living and the dead. embeddedurl
yungbhujang why bother sirjee?! sikhi like zoroastrianism is a religion withering away. reducing population in punjab itself, low birth rates & for that ridiculous bunch of dalit sikhs(?) & other poor ones who should be either christians or muslims. nihangs, akalis etc. their time is past.
ani he says his father is hindu and his name is dnyandev kachurji wankhede then why in his birth certificate name of father mentioned as dawood k wankhede? did his father changed his religion after married to muslim women? embeddedurl
vimallakhotia richaanirudh iamsrk may it hard... but it's high time.... to speak... he is been targeted due to religion
*the kaabah and the sacred black stone in it aren't graven images(it's godly, holy) *ark of the covenant with the two tablets and cherubims, aren't graven images (it's godly, holy) *yoruba religion components/objects of worship are graven images (demonic, satanic)
singareddynm chronosananke i suspect it's almost the reverse framing -- it's not that religion provides an alternative, but more that people seek out things like longevity/ea absent some other central ideology around life/living
2.7b people believe the world is better organized through ai, making facebook the first post religion of the 21st century. art by vilasboasfilipe embeddedurl
atheismisbad4u vid_spillman rwisetrit atheistintelli2 nde is an inconsistent test. an oxygen starved brain pulls a lot of stuff out of the images seen. shadows, bright lights, booming voices, all in the mind of the religion enthusiast become evidence of god. no atheist has ever drawn that conclusion from similar events.
rt bigbossott15: biggest religion is humanity janta wants donal donalbisht
crazydame5 angelcomrade exactly...one religion says god doesn't want you to eat pork but beef is another religion says pork but beef is both sincerely believe that this is god's will. i don't want any politician to force their beliefs on my or your bbq
i don’t think we should focus too much on which religion people in america follow, but there are statistically significant better outcomes for both society and individuals that correlate with religiosity.
the autumn mood in the cat power interpretation of frank oceans "bad religion" is just perfect embeddedurl
seriousfunnyguy we are a bengali nation, we think religion is everyone's festival. but we never insult anyone's religion, unless it comes to us. these disturbances have been created to insult our holy book al-quran. so before talking about bangladesh, think 100 times and talk.
repdavid waysandmeansgop hilarious that you are on ways and means. you voted 3 days ago for the us to default on our sovereign debt! that’s after you and your cronies ran up a record 8 trillion dollar deficit during the last administration. now you suddenly get fiscal religion? you are a joke.
banthelibs ellebuckwrites mattwalshblog that is not the case. i believe religion and morality are separate. i also believe marriage is an important step in a relationship to signify a union being made. it's not arbitrary, but it doesn't have to be religious.
packbenpack misread it as 'religion specific flavours'
rt glamazon1026: you don't really bring religion into the therapy space, unless it for religious issues, so this is moot
had a great chat with johnsafran about his career, extremists, cigarettes, religion, and exorcisms. thanks john! embeddedurl
morality is a matter of money. poor people cannot afford to have morals. so they have religion. - khushwant singh quotes quote inspiration
leftymathprof climatehuman in my view capitalism is not a religion or cult. it is simply one type of system for the logistics of supplying goods and services of living. if “unfettered” it disarranges fair markets by failing to allocate all costs including pollution and environmental damage.
twitter why do you ban the twitter account of iskcon bangladesh and bangaladesh hindu group? why are you one-sided when the whole world is seeing the violence happening against the minority hindu religion there. don't be one-sided and take your action. embeddedurl
tedlieu so don’t you have to ask for permission to pass out your personal opinion from the pope before you do it … your not just representing you your representing the whole catholic religion and that religious stuff is a load of bs
ind3pendent7 douglas4moray typical rabid nat bring religion into a visit from the queen
rt azurelearning7: when i do good i feel good, when i do bad i feel bad, and that's my religion. abraham lincoln
if a public servant is guilty of concealing his/her's caste and religion at the time of appointment, it is considered as a civil fraud and in that case they get suspension even termination. furthermore this questions the ethical credibility of the person. it is that simple. embeddedurl
religion poisons everything... even stationery. lol. embeddedurl
jesus walked by the flaming sword of scripture by fulfilling the prophecies and is offering fruit from the tree of life so that whoever believes in him may live forever in paradise. embeddedurl via biblegateway bible jesus scripture prophecy life religion god
casanova_707 there were many people in that period that had no use for false idolization. epicurus was one of the most articulate. religion was created by man not a magic man in the clouds.
but yeah, sure, it's the anonymous trolls on twitter that's the problem. of course, it is, because we can't ban religion because the indoctrinated have proven time and again that they're incapable of rationality and will just go on yet another murder rampage.
chigrl loss of religion jung would say, concentration of corrupted media power, social media spreading click bait, lack of critical thinking in education, complacency and some brilliance elon musk, square, twitter, amazon, aws, google, microsoft, apple. some stagnating now.
ndfootball let religion fix him bringhimhome embeddedurl
rt wherethelostgo: iksweb charpatferg not voting in laws relating to religion; ex. abortion laws
...tht wine is a staple in the catholic/christian mass? (for the priest if not for the congregation these days). there are many other things tht one religion forbids but the other practises/uses in their rituals. so how? this is what happens when you speak from your pov...
samiullahkhan__ samkhan999 milligazette fpjindia mjalshrika adityamenon22 zeeshan_iyc rais_shk ahmedshabbir20 seemi_pasha aakar__patel monaalarbash hinduism a religion of violence, barbarism and xenophobia needs reforms as it's impractical in civilize world. it promotes barbaric and brutal culture and society.
embeddedurl philosophy & religion: the problem of evil
opindia_com dam our people are toxic in the case of religion
u1stz i respect all people regardless of race, color, gender and religion. but unfortunately, i can never let my daughter marry a man from other countries such as .... .. .. i know this is wrong, but i can not let this happen.
sope mi religion
bradwyatttamu ghurricane mmajunkie that's means a promoters should do something like a rules to prevent this insult and set the limit of trash talk. just let alone race, religion and family out of fight.
rt merabharat2021: shefvaidya fabindianews tatacliq ceattyres also buy only from hindus who respect our religion n culture..
theprogequalist britektire dogsdontliket gangstakittyboo desnoyerrobert tj2020landslide klee34036780 anti_magatcult caparalegalserv minnesotaexpat young_bruce marshallw73 bouttobeastorm annie20554592 4joc1 vampirology waywardmegan15 vincegottalotta chrisg409ubc najjar_richard manyik99 sammk1964 thereseosulliv2 paulajo41820905 sunnyjosipa 1quetzalcoatl1 mykareno2 jetson77 shopdogg2 steve32540993 lostandlovinit resistanceisf18 webguytv chauchat2021 seniorboobies nguyen_anime3 jakedaab lee_whiten jdw714 nemosnana jimaw63 kellyring pauleaman amundston hrt6017 resistchitown markbatin michaeljordab famoussheymus strokeystratfo1 it’s government should not be governed by religion not that government should be devoid of religion. our constitution was derived by religious freedom and beliefs. more specific christian beliefs.
hire us for; *project *math *essay due *religion *english *paper pay *case study *quizes *do my homework *online classes *python *philosophy *book review *assignment due javascript programming & many more dm best_graders
the man who wants to wake us up to woke racism embeddedurl academic john mcwhorter is on a mission to highlight the absurdities of america’s new ‘religion’ - and it could be heading to britain bbcnews c4news newsnight
helenwheels99 ap a human fetus is a human. this has nothing to do with religion.
if we talk about human evolution,did religion exist then?no! so,let's learn to be human first!and, you think you can escape the laws then my dear there is someone waiting beyond the clouds for judgement day you can never run away from.karma! ~rumana akhtar religion:humanity.(4/4)
ms_thurmond of course it's a "man" of god. religion kills, rapes and is a story made to scare people into obeying.
rt jobeegeorgeous: what do politics, religion and business have in common?
embeddedurl true religion men size s black denim western shir embeddedurl
mansikoul wishing the nation recover soon from this radical ideology wrt religion.
then kargil happened, continuous backstabbing by pak leadership and blatant support to terrorism. by the pakistani state and even some of their cricketers. their ex cricketers are still talking about religion while congratulating their team. embeddedurl
4t9ner david_suchet 1. he and his brothers grew up without religion. 2. an actor must be able to play everything. should 'poirot' be played by a belgian? a criminal only from a criminal? no! that's the point of acting - that every actor can and should play everything! embeddedurl
aoibhinn_ni_s i find it mad... they teach religion... but wont let the children eat sitting down without doing something ..like writing homework down... read... let them go hungry or worse, eating disorder develop ..as no time in the timetable edchatie good catholics.....
create new earth must 1. raising the vibration and frequency of the earth 2. eat less karmic foods, more veggies and fruits 3. we must unite! 4. realizing that race & religion and culture are all illusion created by mankind 5. lose fear 6. patiently waiting for changes
live appeal fri 1 oct 2021| ​​new muslim retreat philippines embeddedurl target £5,000 we aim to send 50 new muslims to learn the foundations of their newfound religion! join in for your share of the reward donate now &gt; embeddedurl
we do have so many idiots who are ready to denounce, belittle and demean our religion for a few bucks. but on the other hand, for the other side, religion comes first. philosophy & fairness be damned. feminisminindia, how about an article on empowering women through halal embeddedurl
bombaywalee ma'am, its not about religion & politics always. it's about how a service provider conducts himself/herself in public life to stay relevant as a role model for fans!
our country is greater than our families , our community or our religion.. united we stand.. and divided..? well, phhir toh actually haar jaayenge doston!! embeddedurl
all_cps this soul’d world is the paradigmshift of timetravel scientist, callison trebla, who has no choice but to perceive life from a different state of consciousness. what ever your religion or faith is, or isn't: weareallone... embeddedurl embeddedurl
how does conversion happen? how do our girls & boys convert to other religions? for small selfish reasons, for marriage. it’s another matter that those doing it are wrong. we don't prepare our children. we need to instill pride in ourself & our religion in them: rsschief (10.10) embeddedurl
nellyego madam if should be any additional sit at home it should on sunday so that our religion leaders will stop supporting evil with politicians that mine own suggestion
dm for: - assignments help - critical analysis and argumentative essays - research papers in business and management, history and historical studies, the sciences, accounting, and religion - dissertations and thesis - research proposals and study designs dm essay_writers12
russiancosmist plethonist theillegit bronzecarlson giantgio yeah, poor wording in my part. the biblical council of jerusalem's purpose was to rebuke people who said gentile convers to christianity had to follow mosaic law, so my point is that jews could claim that as equal evidence that christianity was founded as a counter-religion.
hindutva bhakts: we are secular, we are hindus. islam is a terrorist religion. hindutva leaders: we wish muslims on eid milad. moreover we"ll baton charge milad processions. hindutva bhakts: ban fabindia because for calling "devali" ..."jashn e riwaz" too much secularism.
rahuagra502 islamicsh_ anselm_turmeda turgayevren1 yyasaryyavuz nazeerlashari yes brother u are right,there are mafias using religion card,but they are present in every religion,yes china does not follow any religion so what that's their internal issue
godmorningwednesday in all the holy books - quran sharif, quran majid,etc. of islam religion almighty kavir dev is greeted by the name kabira', 'kabiran', 'khabira', 'khabiran'. god kabir only is allahu akbar. saintrampaljim must watch sadhna tv7:30 pm embeddedurl
woodmesquite jarredh ghostoftoast theone20211 americanpolack the current context expressly does not support the definition of religion you asserted. that’s the point.
in the name of the father, son, and q: why it’s important to see qanon as a ‘hyper-real’ religion embeddedurl
today is a grim reminder, year after year, that pakistan’s treachery continues unabated. creating a proxy war in the region, spilling kashmiri blood — hindus and muslims, and priding on this debauchery in the name of religion has been its goal pakbutchersofkashmir budgamlanding embeddedurl
gingiebread29 littlestofnugs mazzypopstar i wasn’t, i actually didn’t even mention any other religion. but god bless
mucusmucous illmakelamb dar42 frenchg11623069 rossgilroy secularsandwich tertiusiv willsworldview pray2pesci awayfromthekeys stilldizzy2 anthonyt2_mufc jools6691 andrewrchapman imudlet xxxgeortacion robertbrowniej8 leetwimberly imkimaaron jherbatov gungglefont johnkrahn2 thecatheist svensrevenge brad_feinman haircutspock wolfpak561 narratingfools simples18790446 cern_lxxl guy_justaguy2 pg13scottwatson smug2bme zapher134 chortling_man quantymcquantum cassini45511893 acoventryscone muddywatersrecs cleisthenes5 rani84279141 denythemyouress akaxochi globalist13903 brianslimdog77 billgrahamtoo simple_shaman tcunderdahl jerryhelton14 raycomfort freedom from religion foundation? no bias there.
dclm daily manna – beyond religion embeddedurl
the chinese communist party is targeting organized religion as a threat – even seeking to “change” or “transform” it into a loyal party apparatus, a panel of foreign policy experts said on monday.embeddedurl
.hon aden duale: : our democracy has matured ,we are better of building national parties where every kenyan regardless of ethnicity , religion and region where they come from can feel at home. sunday review embeddedurl
rt marwarwarrior: mfchaudhryy ban the military from commerce. separate judiciary and religion. appoint lots and lots of capable judges.
walshfreedom almost a million people have died from this deadly virus many didn’t even get the opportunity to take the vaccine and the others are mostly unvaccinated & your bragging because you’re one of the lucky ones that survived? this is why i left religion a long time ago! fake christian
mollyjongfast the religion of self righteousness.
ug_confesses oyo mujju, her religion is judhism. they don't eat any meat with blood. they wash it until it all gets done. i had a judhism frd at school nga she doesn't even eat mukene coz mukene is dried and the blood is not washed out. she said even at there home, that's what they do.
noholyscripture religion is nothing more than institutionalized cultural fascism & sanctified selfishness, which historically has caused genocide & unspeakable horrors. you don’t need god to murder your neighbor but isn’t he just so convenient as the ultimate excuse. embeddedurl
what religion doesn't want you to get a vaccine in a pandemic that has killed 700,000? that's just stupid. choose a different religion for god's sake. embeddedurl
tradcathking i'm pagan and its my religion
khanumarfa educate yourself first dharma is not equal to religion /mazhab
if there's one religion i can shit on its my own and nobody can stop me
religion causes severe psychopathic tendencies in many adherents. a brain with no critical thinking ability is a sad thing to witness. embeddedurl
adamprofitt your religion of self-proclaimed love is full of animus and hate and real libel towards jews, which has led you to keep trying to commit genocide on us. you’re a hateful fraud. delete your tweet, bigot.
avroneel90 secular bengalis of bengal, see the terror fear in a hindu home when their religion is being attacked & you thought it’s not coming to your home also ?
there is a certain brand of self righteousness that comes with a certain breed of religion
shilpisinghinc home is disintegrated while individuals are supporting crime as a basis of religion and who rule that state. while hm is inaugurating t stall at railway station. all attrocities should be condemned equivocally by all. embeddedurl
i can have your grades improved essay due assignments projects case study essay pay presentations discussion history course work paper pay econometrics accounting english biology calculus religion book review dm us today claraessay
digital_nomadd anavrittim 1st of all, as brahmins we must take care not to piss people off or come across as casteist bigots. 2nd, everyone who detests corruption & incompetence must stand together, against upa. caste, state, language & religion be damned. handles like those aren’t helping us.
ppaleocon regarding your summaries of the church councils: they do go together, you just misrepresent them. basically, vat 1 went "prots aren't christians" and vat 2 went "all religions hold certain degrees of the one true religion" but therein again lies the issue.
prescribing religion, thinking mujh pe jinn char gya hai or believing all of this is enough to break confidentiality. also, what is a good reason to give in the house to not disturb me for 1 hour without disclosing it's for therapy?
bhagwasevak smithaz00 jfreeland777 lord_plop borisjohnson given your regional situation, you have far more to fear from islamists than we do. texts already available in english. america was founded specifically with the idea of keeping religion away from government (a key aspect of liberalism). writing "god" on stuff means little.
black snake is sacred in yezidi religion and it’s on the side-gate of yezidi temples. it’s a part of our culture. êzidxan yazidiculture embeddedurl
gregabbott_tx be careful with "best workforce in the nation" - the way you have cut funding for schools in texas along with the weird embrace of religion over facts, companies will start looking elsewhere. btw - "power grid reliability" is something that every company wants.
making funny content must not lead to disrespect one religion.. arrestaiimsculprits
bronwynann i think it's time parents stepped up and talked to their kids and took action to stop those creeps from approaching minors. no indictment of any religion, but considering the number of pedophiles that were busted as clergy, there could be some pedos hiding among these creeps.
rvcj_fb stop propgating this claims shami is as indian as any other indian citizen irrespective of religion.. we love him as much as we love bumrah or any other bowler this is a part of digital hatred jurnos n celebrities to propogate this and spread hate and show india in badlight.
dhoodson bigotry in the name of religion.
bhavikakapoor5 ...may b u r right...anything created with good intentions can be corrupted....for example, religion..in india ppl remember religion mostly during election,but also all men are not same....one feku came and most females doubt the credibility of men i think....justsaying
rt drum_machine_dc: edlatimore religion divides. god unifies. dmd
ronfilipkowski joshmandelohio “congress shall make know law respecting an establishment of religion.” - 1st amendment of bill of rights in school district of abington township, pennsylvania v. schempp, public schools can’t sponsor bible readings and school prayers embeddedurl embeddedurl
everyday, i see why malcolm told us to keep our religion at home, between us and our god. lol.
raleighbowman annamc12043077 top heavy with capitalists. pull yourself up by the bootstraps and quit complaining. individualist religion..the rich hate the poor
nickguyone i think any institutional religion is fair game for mockery or parody
jimmysong religion is fiction
you have little muslim girls in government funded yet somehow christian high schools who aren't allowed to fully practise their religion but this is what yall chose to speak on? embeddedurl
irrespective of the religion, people should pray at home. if you can't get to your home, don't pray. god won't mind. embeddedurl
anjumfarooqui03 this self-avowed "protectors of prophrt's sanctity" is profaning the religion more cruelly than anyone around the globe! stay blessed anjum!
ostrov_a creating divisions, bringing religion into it, can't leave it as just terrorist, wouldn't expect anything less from a human rights lawyer from apartheidisrael
monocotyledon tdclancy opus dei isn’t a religion, it’s a cult-like perversion of catholicism
zombiepiano glinch72 fishyfish67 91996340e81d45a gregtruman4 andrewemcameron anvndarnamn5 jwickers b_bolshevik100 remcent kctaz deplorableninny mark_a_lunn bridgetholmstro 0sundance jaisans ammocrypta flyonthewall182 jamz129 mattp1949 dk25769559 tragic4libs callmeblaise1 joetheatheistp ofreason23 asinister willard1951 fchecker76 ingersolrobert richardwakelin3 25_cycle climatehope2 bubbasranch relampagoblanc2 geraldkutney mikedel21893959 thedisproof digitalpsyche weaponizedpatr1 birthday_chris tangomitteckel davidyoung13 simongr41594862 climatecatastr3 swcrisis realmikedelta1 fcmfcs2019 truepat89736316 jamesrider3 paprikalady this has nothing to do with ignorance or religion. it has to do with your misuse, misinterpretation, and false definition of the word “force”. all actions are voluntary
heather_wynalda take the zealous adherence to "science" which changes daily for example? that is more theistic than any religion i'm aware of. some religions have used similar tactics, but the goal is the same. eliminate all other morality, or life guidance. there is but one god. now the state!
reallyswara my hinduism teaches the same as mentioned by u reallyswara it’s high time we call out those who are misusing our religion not in my name pls, my hinduism doesn’t teach this and i shall do everything to uphold the values of my religion and our god
in short, it's better to avoid insulting someone's physique, gender identity, ethnicity, religion or what-have-you, no matter how justified you think you'd be, cuz more often than not, you're not just harming the horrible people (or maybe you're not even harming them at all)
abulmaali_ the_ayn_ghayn you're mistaken. zubair ali zai is a muhaddith. engineer ali mirza is a rafidi who manipulates religion and attacks the character of the companions of the prophet saw. attending lectures of a certain shaykh doesn't make you his student or follower.
hello i am a real person and these are my authentic sentiments. i try to speak the truth to the truth. i believe the truth. i am not a person of a particular religion, but i am just a person who believes and underst
every time i see an ortho take on religion, it makes me doubt my faith. embeddedurl
hochul's new religion: god gave us the vaccines - frontpagemag embeddedurl pfizer is her god.
pakistan_untold you have lowered your game image by mixing religion in game.
“the major civilizing force in the world is not religion, it is sex.” — hugh hefner embeddedurl
bbcworld monk goto is wrong. the way technology is mixing with religion is wrong and inhumane. very disturbing....
religion dose not help your financial situation it makes it worse
ariyannewzad i did too, but i left it cause i never had that feeling. i think it’s because of the skepticism that kept growing around matters about religion and god. so right now i’m just going with the flow, will be exploring soon
bluemagicboxes don't bring religion everywhere fds
a delightful friday! we invite everyone to join us in discovering the answers to frequently asked questions about religion through our bible exposition. hosted by brother eli soriano and brother daniel razon. thusthebiblespeaks learnfromthebible
i find street preachers incredibly offensive. surely it cheapens the very concept of religion for them to assume that a glib leaflet might persuade me, while i’m just on my way to buy nappies, to start following jesus?
despite the presence of junta massive forces, multi-religion strike took to the streets of mandalay and chanted revolutionary slogans to overthrow the genocidal dictatorship. acceptnug_rejectmilitary oct14coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
vp "4 freedoms freedom of religion and speech freedom from want and fear let's march towards a clean new world our hands can make amen." "stabilization of world currencies all agreements to be ratified by the allied and associated nations,their governing bodies and parliaments,as a
nithinkd ninjatalli i suspect something much more asinine. selling email would be fine. but for shaadi to get my religion right, the language that i speak right would mean something more.. email itself would not give that. plus the fact that i did have an account on the platform 10 years ago :-)
badgersid well doesn’t sound like a real friend anyway. my in laws from my 1st marriage were very religious. church every sun etc. but they never mentioned religion to me once. they never rejected me because i’m not religious. complete acceptance. that’s how all religious people should be.
episode 9 is particularly thought-provoking in its depiction of religion's reproduction of antiblackness. embeddedurl
andrewyang i like new years eve bc it can be celebrated all over the world, no matter the country, culture, or religion
rt missbnasty: but also, if religion is your never let anyone take that from you.
hanisu93 kheytorique panafrikam terrorists do not attack mosques in the west, they attack crowded places and churches, no muslim has been attacked for his religion in france, unlike christians and jews who have been killed. embeddedurl
serbiabased high and mighty,just like our blessed religion.
rt perfectly_kyla: if i see a man’s bio has a lot about religion i run
gdavids12041255 ruairimckiernan sundayworld definitely worth a discussion. the idea that religion was used as a differentiator was particularly annoying. the churches are empty and the vast majority of teens are religiously indifferent. so why did they go there? seems the old prejudices are the hardest to defeat.
this action harmed my religion's integrity as well as my natural ethics. you don't have the right to offend someone's feelings. this will not be permitted under any circumstances.
when everything else fails, ride the religion. embeddedurl
really affordable homes, preventing holiday lets, faith and religion in york central, co-operative childcare... bring your pitches to the 'living' meet up... saturday 16th october, 10.30-12.30 book here: embeddedurl embeddedurl
rt main_hind: is sikhism becoming an abrahamic religion ? singhuborderhorror kisanandolan farmersprotests
the fact that he cant separate the religion from politics is a big no to me. he's a christian, and if he were to make laws based on bible, that will neglect the rights of those who dont use bible.
critica18495985 it’s the equivalent of religious “faith”. science is the process of questioning the current hypothesis, religion is believing in something without questioning it’s validity
geonews_english do you have the guts to humiliate sheikh chilli & waqar for bringing religion in sports as a true ambassador of cricket ??? almost all of indian have supported shami, humiliating his crtisism mongers in india.
harishbpuri indiatoday rahulkanwal because tukdetukdegang member aroonpurie indiatoday receives funds from & many political parties like incindia so their motto is to spread fakenews & unrest india in name of religion sad reality is ianuragthakur ji never dare to touch them & remain :speak-no-evil_monkey::hear-no-evil_monkey::see-no-evil_monkey: shame
philipderrida merelyjwright there are a lot of fake “authorities” and “superiors” in american politics and religion. i submitted to the bible, our confessions, my ecclesiastical vows, and to the government of the opc and was still called rebellious because ****i disagreed***. that’s conscience binding.
lewdrew01 many are confused about religion. i urge them to do research.they’ve to find the answer.
ex-muslims have every right to express their life world discourse experiences without being an authority in islam and with whatever knowledge of islam they possessed when they decided that they could no longer practice or believe in the religion embeddedurl
bangladesh pm tells home minister: initiate action against those who incited violence using religion embeddedurl
pornrocket_ one race human one religion love one voice equality one strength diversity one community and one project embeddedurl adult content sharing reinvented blockchain based censorship free 0% creator fees nsfwapp embeddedurl
jesusiswarning birdtree3 pope is the very mystery of satans man and religion.
suemcshay gingerguard caseyjohnston mtgreenee wow epoch maybe check out some non-far right religion-based news sources
hey icc bcci why not any action taken against this incident? how can you allow any religion related things happened during an international match? embeddedurl
amitshah sir, why do we burry dead bodies of terrorists.when everybody says terrorists have no religion then why not cremate them..just a thought..
featuring rare artifacts and scrolls, the israelmuseum's latest exhibit questions what separates religion from magic: history i jewish i israel embeddedurl
afzal_57 bannreligious practices on cricket groundbecause in ground cricket is only religion
sreenivasanjain imvkohli i hope he stops his wokism right here... he shouldn't venture out and say, "banning a particular religion's festivals is also wrong". that would be a blow to our agenda.
good morning pets. it’s sunday, the day of worship, which means it’s time to bow to your new religion: me. findom • paypig • blackmail embeddedurl
... i will respect any religion you practice as long as you don't knock on my door to tell me about it.
aamirspk0 what?? i can not imagine no other actor as rizwan khan. no just aamir.. no other actor. in my opinion that character was written for shahrukhkhan inspired in his secular life.. in his multi-religion family.. and in his courage to make always his point clear.
rt _kwame3: religion is disgusting .
helenhighwatr quelizinha femi_sorry exactly. rights to hold & express religious belief don’t require others to, eg, refer to you using the terminology of your religion. workplace colleagues don’t have to address you as “god’s remnant” in order to not treat you punitively due to your proclamation that you’re saved.
new tumblr post: "upcoming deadline, incs 2022, october 8" embeddedurl cfp, callforpapers, religion, religiousstudies, acrel
what is the time of the end? - embeddedurl repent religion
dalwonie i had a religion class today and i didn’t have time to revise all of my work and i was scared of what my teacher would say
joncoopertweets she says it’s her religion, but she’s jewish. show me.
domestic attitudes and concerns about abortion, homosexuality, and pornography across countries and the role of religion. (keis a medical professional) newspicks embeddedurl
why to bring religion in all discussions??
bharadwajspeaks “i have, therefore, no hesitation in saying that such a religion must be destroyed and i say, there is nothing irreligious in working for the destruction of such a religion.” 12/n
row over another religion’s broadcast at durga temple; police registers case - the hindu embeddedurl
1.) despite being a neet topper, soyeb aftab was making bad videoes against hinduism. 2.) despite being an ias officers, iftikharuddin was promoting religion conversions. this shows that for them religion is everything whether they are educated or not. arrestaiimsculprits
msgofaadiramondussehra in all the holy books - quran sharif, quran majid,etc. of islam religion almighty kavir dev is greeted by the name kabira', 'kabiran','khabira', 'khabiran'. god kabir only is allahu akbar. saintrampaljim must watch sadhna tv-7:30 pm
donald trump claims nobody has done more 'for religion itself' than him embeddedurl
jrodriguezlcsw realdeancain i'm not confused about you being gay or a clergy but the fact that you think you can preach something that literally says your not natural and will go to hell is a joke to me. the original grift is religion
on shami again: to me, attacking someone over their religion is the most pathetic thing a human being can do. religion is a very sacred to an individual. people take out frustrations because they don't have any idea how much we put effort into the field. indvnz t20worldcup
imtashanottosha it’s a religion at this point
mattymedlyn i never actually did, i kicked the doors off and ive calmed down as ive got older! i said a lot of it is probably circumstances too, family, friends, religion but this post is just unnecessary
if you're one of those people who says cricket is a religion and it unites indians, you are part of the problem babe
brandonkyw it is a religion now. have you listened to the ny governor hopeful? embeddedurl
there is something disgusting about religion having a say in government affairs.
latingle this has a smell that will outlast religion...listening scotty?
about language to justify judgments that have more to do with race, national origin, regional affiliation, ethnicity, and religion than with human language and communication.” real-life examples are then given, instances where people were denied housing opportunities (6/10)
islam: a complete religion by ash-shinqeeti (pt. 2) - ustadh ariff olla audio: embeddedurl video: embeddedurl
atheist_bot the idea some have that you can’t questions people’s “beliefs” is absurd. if you’re offended that someone questions what you think about your religion, then you are the problem.
chancetycoleman religion gives man a reason to live and thrive to improve without the influence of man. communists need man to believe salvation is only achieved through the state so he grants the state more power. religiosity is therefore an impediment to the state for more power.
usa. doughenwood why bitcoin is a scam. a fascinating presentation on the ponzi scheme which has become a culture, an identity, as traditional forms of identity - family, unions, religion is in decline - cypotocurrency appears embeddedurl
kxnomorningrush uscelladvantage the vaccine isn't like a religion and something you can choose to or not to believe in for no reason. the only exemption should be a medical exemption that has been approved by a qualified medical professional.
chill_or_kill why are people upset that people are suggesting therapy? it’s bad enough our community doesn’t discuss mental heath or some of us think religion will solve all problems. also, most men just either don’t or won’t form the same kind of friendship s that women do. few men reach
the modern secular religion casts humanity as the alternatives are mass death or economic collapse. take your pick.
faviiito • “o people of the scripture, do not exceed the limit in your religion or say about allah except the truth. the messiah, jesus, the son of mary, was nothing except a messenger of allah and his word which he directed to mary and a soul from him. so believe in allah and ..cont.
extra7008 rainbeeliu au7arch1 alisaisil ap maybe the same ap journalist can describe a suicide bomber as someone "stubbornly clinging to his/her religion" instead of a terrorist?
abpnews why pawarspeaks deployed cabinet minister nawabmalikncp against ncb & samirvankhede & support drug mafia cartel ? minister using caste-religion to malign and slander against samirvankhede ! total misuse of power as minister to attack ncb and influence probe in aryankhan ? embeddedurl
governorkuti we are proud of your limitless and support in serving your people irregardless the tribe,religion and critics. keep up the great work. yoyahtanotena
shahalam13 mariaressa how shameless this fellow can be? following a fascist murderous religion called islam which is synonymous with dictatorship is advising others???
as shayk al kabir ibn arabi taught us a thousand years ago....my religion is the religion of love... embeddedurl embeddedurl
ksprairieflower covidianism is a religion based on beliefs, not knowledge.
religion is not to control other people it is to improve yourself any religion that claim morale supremacy are practicing a corrupt practice
annewrathaway valentinestay the point was not to point flaws in religion, the idea was linking a vampire into christianity. it was a very good concept and executed amazingly imo. asking for a show not to be infuriating and to get everything you want is just asking for a generic show
thousands of non-kashmiris were living & working in kashmir comes 5august the introduction of the "israeli model" aka settler colonialism by,now every non-kashmiri regardless of religion & region is being viewed as 'invader' by armed groups, this might change the social fabric.
bigots say we need religion because it gives us hope in desperate times. i say it's better to have no hope than having false hope. false hope leaves you unprepared for the eventualities.
brosolawale kr3wmatic the competition was never about d religion. don't let hausas fool u. i'm a christian from the west. we don't roll like dat here. it fell flat cos his intention was mischievous. christians reposted bella schmurda's post about how pastors steal from d church. bella is a muslim
i have no problem with religion. i have a problem with churches
religion-related hate crime against jews at highest level since records began, home office figures reveal - the jewish chronicle embeddedurl
none of this, incidentally, was based on actual evidence. the idea that all of europe once followed one universal, matriarchal goddess religion was a theory that a random judge was like, "hey, this feels like it makes sense to me" and everyone was like "yup, let's run with it."
i learned that aaron rodgers is both no longer religious and no longer in touch with his family anymore (who raised him christian). i kinda hope they had a full on theological debate and not just about "organized religion" but like the true nature of grace or something.
muslimspaces "on the basis of religion " i think muslim spaces is to raise voice of muslim. or else change the name...
mface_akanaka byofinest we became too religious than those people who brought religion to us takuto vakunda kunamata..haa africa ma1 edu
this is a good time to explore things that broaden your perspective of the world: philosophy, religion, culture. venus in sagittarius folks like people who are open to these facets of life, even if they don’t believe in them. we like people who respect the diversity of existence.
desaretaa i get what you're saying, and i do agree to a point, but it is still a widely worshipped religion today, so i understand people being upset because it is a culture and religion that they grew up and still participate in
goldenthrust isn't this racism? how hypocrites we indians are.. we put posters of fighting against racism and start doing the same on name of religion region language color or caste...
liberalhunterrr thevirdas people who claim to protect and safeguard religion.
dafrocentric asantejuliousen quasimufasa owuraku_jnr you are basing your belief on taboos and perversion. i base mine on detriment. you’re trying force culture or religion on me??
bad religion's "how could hell be any worse?" is just as old as the beatles' "please please me" was when i 13.
rutvijkarkhanis land buddhu.......had he been ever seen mocking his religion or saying anything against it.............. laura mera aamir khan
pub_neat zoo_bear staging upcoming state elections, right wings are intentionally creating communal issues to divert voters to think only about religion !!
naseeruddin_sah no sir, this is not correct please try to understand he is been caught with drugs it has nothing to do with religion the only thing is been a son of a big celebrity he has some more trouble
is women politicians have some special leverage for putting religion into politics? embeddedurl
rt chachabanaarsi: please make a note. all ambassadors of religion.
gaza_occupation 0xd0n you can choose. drop your religion and loose your 300$ in futures, as you are probably working and futures are high-energy/time intensive, or keep your religion and buy spot with your 300$.
so where were the protests when chappelle joked about rape, pedophilia, drug abuse, suicide, race, religion, body types, etc etc ??? all of a sudden his needs to be taken out. right
apparently, it’s one religion with different denominations and interpretations of the bible, all claiming to be accurate and inspired by the holy spirit. never seen anything more confusing. embeddedurl
if a human life isn't important to you, you should probably check your understanding of the religion. remember stories, how the prophet won't attack until he was forced or of how he would go out of his way to help a kafr? shouldnt you be following his teaching embeddedurl
always sad to hear of muslims losing their religion (living in a scientific-secular world: to be expected?). atheism,marxism, progressivism, conversion or the more usual drift/indifference & fundamentalist reaction. who knows how or if one will fall.
gras94630953 bbcworld you dont respect your religion dosent mean we also dont and why you even wants to make fun of the religion and the only person muslims loves so much is their prophet and you target him and expect no reaction from us
new york health workers win religious exemption to vaccine mandate embeddedurl - their stated basis has nothing to do with religion!
// religion bible bashing me: "you can't have tattoos the bible says so and you're christian" some christian: "but that's the old testament we don't follow it" same bitch: "yeah sorry i can't support the lgbtq, leviticus 18 22 forbids it" but baby that's old testament???
adfiske not a religion embeddedurl
rt 1loafofmeat: juliezweil could it be because there's basically no religion that prohibits vaccination?
it appears we’re only staunchly idealistic when we want to spite religion/religious people sha. because i doubt you’d have been as obstinate if the trade off was access to something else you value eg money embeddedurl
crypto4risk one race human one religion love one voice equality one strength diversity one community and one project embeddedurl adult content sharing reinvented blockchain based censorship free 0% creator fees nsfwapp embeddedurl
gillianmckeith except this isn’t about religion, it’s about public health. the fact that so many nurses are so ignorant about science shows they need more critical thinking and science knowledge before allowing just anyone to become nurses.
excellence & competency etc and do away with quota system, nepotism & ethnicism, religion etc i'll thee!
these disgusting pale rats are so cocksure that they can manipulate (as they have to to remain) people into any religion, movement or (im)morality, that they can lose the christ on the sidewalk without losing his wealth. "you can't take it with you, but we can take it with us."
thecryptomist one race human one religion love one voice equality one strength diversity one community and one project embeddedurl adult content sharing reinvented blockchain based censorship free 0% creator fees nsfwapp embeddedurl
officialdprpp oh man oh man my heart bleeds v r paying the price of our state policy from last 70 years. me u and all these poor chaps will keep suffering as the 1 sitting in power coridors wil continue to use religion to keep us slave. may god rest his soul in peace n heaven
bholechatture 2. the fact is right to life supersedes anyone's right to religion. i really don't see a point how you equate between yearly processions with limitless loudspeakers 5 times a day.
uslawreview of course it's 6 days, 6 this six that 6 6 6 6 death saturn cult saturnday. gee what f**ked up babylonian death cult religion celebrates on saturnday. who nose.
cawthornfornc your religion is not our freedom.
jennifer tilly is my religion embeddedurl
ecowarriorss technosalvation is just another empty religion.
will you condemn this actormadhavan ? we love you not because of your caste and religion but talent. embeddedurl
biolinguist that all tracks with my intuitions... ses/religion/political affiliation?
optimistsurgeon exsecular arfakhanum logic : even if (gauri khan)hindu women get converted to islam and marry muslim men, their family's religion is islam only. their children are muslim only. embeddedurl
i am sure even iamsrk would never want to be seen as a muslim superstar!! he is loved by indians..not for his religion and not by people of any one religion..all indians. anyone who calls him a muslim superstar is just being divisive & is not a shahrukh wellwisher for sure!
iromg can you just call him a “terrorist” instead of a “islamic terrorist”. i don’t think the religion of islam has anything to do with the heinous crime that he has committed.
kizer_fran rightwingwatch he's worried about what is being taught to his children.. i should be able to voice my opinion on what is being taught to my child as well. if this is against his religion, why can't he speak up. this is not showing hate, this is showing speak up for what you believe in...
rt secularstudents: freedom of religion includes freedom from religion. embeddedurl
afp ln24 lci cnn journalist diplomacy foreignpolicy religion bible biblestudy theology scripture prophecy christianity christian endtimes islam chrétien infoviva putin teases us journo: no, americans are developing mach 3, russian one... embeddedurl
realtuckfrumper science is not like religion;it affects you whether you believe in it or not.and covid could not care less about your position on vaccines;it still wants to replace your lung cells until you can’t breathe;while the vaccine wants to stop that from being possible. --andrew wortman
arielsatria14 journey of religion by samsung galaxi a series
airnewsalerts drjitendrasingh great job! only thing remaining is divide country on lines of caste. as congress divided based on religion. carry on the tradition. narendramodi ji, whats going sir ? pease also create a window to obtain those sc/st certificates. govt can earn huge money.
as we replaced religion with psychology, did "love thy neighbor as thyself" become "altruistic narcissism"? kidneygate badartfriend
as spiritual beings, we don't ever pray or wish anyone who kill people to gain power or make money dead cos they are already walking dead. the reason why you aren't seeing it this way is because religion have switched off your inside (spirit) world, and taken you to the outside.. embeddedurl
this is how propaganda of targeted defamation of specific religion is carried out hindufobia embeddedurl
you kind of just made a case for why taxpayer-funded “local” private schools should follow public school rules. what happens when a school decides a kid is not a "good fit," has low test scores, the wrong religion, too much of a discipline record, or difficult parents? vted embeddedurl
rt divya_16_: reallyswara you should be ashamed irrespective of your religion.
theweeflea zonderacademic orr was maintaining orthodoxy without putting all his eggs into a definition of inerrancy that declared that the entire christian religion rests on our ability to prove that no error can be found in a single biblical text. that was, he claimed, "suicidal." i agree.
rt karen_westberg: religion scholar explains how a specific strain of christianity became a toxic political force embeddedurl
arunbothra hello god ramji , jai shree krishna please save us we the hindu in extreme danger our soul our religion is at stake !
rt robbykoby: religion will enslave you and blind you in ignorance, but knowing jesus christ is total liberation and growth in love.
joytaylortalks i love people, i loathe religion
lara earrings are my religion embeddedurl
fourgospel rcmpmb a union doesn't necessarily mean it speaks for every member. only a majority. just like your religion doesn't speak for all of you....or are you a child molester as well? we can do this all day and night.
we guarantee high grades. pay us to do your; engineering maths lab report assignment powerpoint literature spss theory calculus trigonometry chemistry anatomy essays religion dissertation theology thesis usa uk uae kuwait australia qatar saudiarabia canada
the left is having sel pushed in schools and asking for our religion in some places because eventually they'll be assigning social credit scores to all of us instead of using the credit scores we now use. this is also why they want the irs to monitor our bank accounts. embeddedurl
duncancantdie bencooper m1ssberyl phildidgee xo83766320 clarecais fondofbeetles nathanielhart72 alister_kael lascapigliata8 onimedicham ehu2ch123 hyaenamom sajidjavid raeuk the sexed body needs to acknowledged and respected in law, sports, medicine, sexual relations, religion, sexual safeguarding for women and reproduction. within these parameters gender expression is limitless.
lord farquad has his own religion
this is why my mum changed our religion. this same reason. one day she brought food for me and my siblings as she got to the mosque she saw alfa backing a student and 4people were flogging the student meanwhile it was going to be my turn soon. she picked us up and ran away embeddedurl
such a shame to this fucking country. religion of peace my foot. all the hindus around the world should gather together and protest against this vandalism. this time don't be a secular tard. you have a dharma to defend. savebangladeshihindus embeddedurl
frcdc not so' political-religion has killed more folk than you'll ever know. let that dead mess stay dead, be born-again of the spirit of god, only believe, and follow the holy spirit's lead.
ah, the religion of peace again... embeddedurl
amitverma_kol bhogleharsha look i'm pakistani but i'm hurt that how shami was picked and bullied due to his religion. india had lost the game when pakistan crossed 100 runs in 13 overs. whosoever had bowled in place of shami, he had felt the same heat.
ksemamajama the state is their religion, subservience their sacrament
cricket is like a religion to india. the performance of indian team is all time low at indiavspak t20worldcup2021 match. time to introspect bcci and come out with a strong strategy in place to rejuvenate the team india. we are hopeful that dada will look into it seriously.
admissions open aqw! students of all color, caste, creed ,faction and religion are accepted here. to enroll : log in to embeddedurl and grab the "book of lore". r3v_aqw alina_ae embeddedurl
can't believe these idiots using religion to scam people . and if the almighty was as good as advertised lightning would have struck this boy a long time ago !! embeddedurl
indicwing6 bsbommai siddaramaiah myogiadityanath dumbass.... condemn killings & murders ..but why selective outrage? take it as crime and handle it accordingly.. hindu killed, muslim killed, christian killed. a murder is a crime & should be dealt in same way irrespective of religion. put burnol in your brain n get some sense.
canadianmisldar the_47_paradox sikhpa there are some fools in every religion like that they are in hinduism and you are in sikhism...
barnettforaz jackposobiec they want to control religion, too.
very happy indian cricket team lost under imkohli ,they hate their own religion & earn money by abusing hinduism & pontificating on their festivals. they deserve this loss.better put your mouth on cricket and stop advising about hindu festivals indiancricketteam indvspak
this blue tick account gave "economic terrorism". but her keyboard got jammed and she couldn't type "religion terrorism" for recent k!lling in kashmir suhasinih embeddedurl
xanderxkomiks is this a new religion? sign me in!!!
kashifmd when you have no performance to show, then religion is always here to keep you in the game.
terrydieheiden tbh there is nothing impressive about the muslim community. if i was born a non muslim i wouldn’t have chosen this religion. honestly it’s a nightmare being part of this community, most of them don’t know how to mind their own business
breatheheavycom ellenvunwerth this is bullshit because they are using religion as an excuse just like the republicans use it to get votes. they wanted to control her and take her money had nothing to do with being born again. as matter fact what they were doing was anti-christian-
i saw something about the "alberta canadian courts" on here yesterday related to the religion i study and covid conspiracies. just no. no.
abc congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble... please show me how congress runs twitter.
what changed? (re: views on religion) — very cliché tbh, i watched dawkins and hitchens debates on early youtube out of curiosity and slowly ended up agreeing with them! embeddedurl
unohimyerman the oo exists solely to poke their neighbour in the eye. what other reason can they provide to justify their existence. the flimsy pretence of religion, christianity and christian values is thin on the ground with those guys. they certainly don’t love thy neighbour.
joycebyers77 religion gives me the creeps - but my kids test me every day by weaving in and out, from much worse behavior than me to much better, and the skill is to know which side of good you are on just now, here in the moment.
anumavidisha crime has no age. narcoticsbureau investigating the entire connection & found aryankhan at raveparty where drugsparty was taking place. so, how can you defend a crime & stand with that? crime cannot be hidden by playing the victim card of religion. embeddedurl
hindus being killed with impunity, in kashmir, but terror has no religion, and that’s why amirkingkhan is busy preaching hindus to not burst crackers. aliaa08 is busy teaching hindus to do kanyamaan and javedakhtarjadu is busy teaching hindus to understand how rss= taliban.
crowley thought that behind all the veils, the aim of all religion was theurgy. direct spiritual experience of the divine is “the aim of religion” in the phrase “the method of science, the aim of religion,” not casting spells, evocation, sigils or even astrology. thelema
let's avoid using kids even if its in the form of memes kids at this age won't even understand the difference in caste race creed religion until we elders teach them the same zaffar_nama embeddedurl
another great but frightening interview from chaunceydevega religion scholar explains how a specific strain of christianity became a toxic political force embeddedurl
dracactivism is praying to his religion creativismmovement what are the london people doing? watching the murdering nazis of bbcnews itv skynews etc? listening to a propaganda that has turned war criminals into modern heroes? to listen to these journalists is a pity... embeddedurl
mtgreenee oh right. poor me! the problem is that a lot of people that look like me are sad because people that don't are demanding their equality, and moral people, of whatever race or religion agree.
bfrankphoto rajaflores katieglueck emmagf maddow mayorsrace2021 nytimes nydailynews nypost juanmabenitez the late christopher hitchens recounted a belfast joke about the man stopped at a roadblock and asked his religion. when he replies that he is an atheist he is asked, “protestant or catholic atheist?”
madmanpastor brandonmarlett i’m talking about your presumption of me hating religion. i don’t.
my 31daysofhalloween starts with books day 1: "spooky" reads for oct? i may have a few suggestions i'm an avid collector & enjoy studying all things paranormal, religion, exorcism, witchcraft, spiritualphotography, cults, ghosts, demonology horror & more a thread embeddedurl
govnedlamont this is what he thinks about religion freedoms embeddedurl
martigcummings & god is real & god is good & he sacrificed his son to us yes we hear you. we just dont subscribe to your religion. as an atheist i dont believe humans have gender souls/can magically change sex anymore than i believe in 1 of the 3000+ deities in existence today. sexnotgender
joseph91729925 duncan__reece abcnews placebokarl casting many aspersions. not at all ultra left, moderate and atheist actually. ignorant and bigot is casting a long bow, especially considering that religion is rife with bigotry passed on by ignorant patriarchs.
goddesssevera i would say so. regardless, herbert was making direct references/allegories to corrupt (bene gesserit) and pure (fremen) aspects of religion as it is exists in our society.
i need ideas to base my religion around, here's some that may already exist. * cthulhu worship (angry squid hats) * jesus but he's just a wild philosopher and not a messiah (must fix holy books) * everyone named christian is god. * cute cthulhu worship (cute squid hats)
ibijaymallick rishibagree muz'lim cricketer are playing in indian cricket team from since long time. no muz'lim player in was ever abused by hi'ndus for his religion. - nawab pataudi - syed kirmani - md. azhar uddin - zaheer khan - md. kaif - irfan pathan - yousuf pathan - md. shami mfg propaganda
fithissey autemcogitatio prguy17 i taught in a catholic boys sec college for 1 year. it was my old school. i taught in the public system for 34 yrs. what i noticed was he vast majority of boys wanted to get religion out of the way as quickly as possible. it was a good school but the boys weren't int in religion
alok_bhatt repeat after me if you want to become secular- "terrorism don't have religion even if someone in front of me killed someone saying ola hu uber,i will close my eyes and mouth" secularism classes by- izlamic scholar because they know when to be silent and when to be violent.
sarika_official trtworld because they destroyed 2000 year old temple, built a mosque on it and tried to enslave entire hindu population because their religion said so!
asyounotwish terrorist has no religion
ekamsidheart bhargav16riya nickypandey18 stlouisgirl123 nisha_sidhearts siddhi75554410 dhaminimi diwanisidheart siddifam har koi sid se pyaar karta hai , irrespective of age caste country gender religion love for sidharthshukla is above all hbd ashok uncle
elonmusk hsumacher tesla nummi is where the experiment named tesla began. it is one of the holiest sites in our religion.
nfts is a religion
predictifyoucan gobinda21765953 thehawkeyex ummah's first allegiance is to their religion of peace and hence they are right in their act of desecration. awaiting tweets from fragmented & unorganised liberals & pseudo seculars to blame this also on to modi.
do not scroll by. listen. closely. the caller’s crazy is rationalized by religion and trump. it’s radicalization. messianic. dogmatic. i know these threats firsthand also. so does my family. embeddedurl
religion? embeddedurl
rt yogashar99: time religion of peace are packed of to bd,pakistan and afganistan. embeddedurl
baileycpodcast they don’t need any information other than it is against your religion. you believe that god created you and that your body is a temple and you cannot in good faith take this vaccine. that is it. with a religious exemption you do not discuss anything else. this is it.
rt alwaysbeefree: cocosfindom says, "this isn’t just findom, cocoism is a lifestyle and religion." embeddedurl
juliahb1 really? do you say the same about religion? and using the phrase ‘child abuse’ demeans those children who’ve suffered real physical & sexual abuse.
apple has taken down one of the world’s most popular quran apps in china. china has removed the app for “holding illegal religion texts”. uyghurgenocide boycottapple... embeddedurl
neoncascades getsexyorelse kjallday_1989 boosieofficial you choose a religion , you don’t choose being gay. you born that way
time to show the power & strength of hindus . let's united for our hindu religion. don't allow anyone to do anything with our religion. boycott unacademy. uninstall app do write about it.... jehadi antihinduunacademy embeddedurl
helman_jodi redsnow_kek h3h3productions yea ethan loves to do stuff like this but never criticize the jewish religion funny right.
great stuff about fake narrative “religion being shoved down throats “ the end is epic embeddedurl
clarencehouse everyone regardless of the gender,religion or color is entitled to freedom,why are you so quiet on the dictatorship in ugandawhich have & continue to take lives of youths yet your the funders? we know museveni is your puppet but consider ugandan lives. ugandaisbleeding un embeddedurl
ashoksgarcha and sir,you have no concept of the sanatani roots of sikhi and our gurus. ricebag converts can't overturn history of our gurus and panj pyare as they try to turn the gentle sikhi into a race of mine is better like nonindic religion.
paula_white “religion was invented when the first con man met the first fool.” ― mark twain
amnatariqkhan1 saaadmalikk most probably an atheist mocking a religion as usual sickminds
babersj mukundasn1 purock007 khanumarfa if i show you, will you give up islam and convert back to any of the dharmic religion?
nasty_canasta file for a religious exemption. a religion is a sacred held belief. it does not have to be approved by the state. you hold your bodily autonomy sacred. it is your deeply held belief that you get to choose what you put in your body. you do not need to explain your belief. say no.
poison010t techieihcet jaskarans_ if someone threw away a religion and accepted a new one, do you think they would still like to be associated with the previous religion? you guys surely lack thinking skills.
travis_view as a sociologist of religion, the personal relationships don’t need to be s-tier: in fact, multiple weak ties is better then one or two strong ties. conversion happens at the periphery of a social network, and the more ties one has the more central to the network they become.
davenewworld_2 science is not like religion;it affects you whether you believe in it or not.and covid could not care less about your position on vaccines;it still wants to replace your lung cells until you can’t breathe;while the vaccine wants to stop that from being possible. --andrew wortman
sportscenter money above religion, cool .
elonmusk one race human one religion love one voice equality one strength diversity one community and one project embeddedurl adult content sharing reinvented blockchain based censorship free 0% creator fees nsfwapp embeddedurl
jupiter is equated to thor in germanic mythology (where we get the name for thursday), he was zeus in ancient greek religion, amon to the egyptians, and ahura mazda to the indo-iranian aryans. why was jupiter the "king of the gods" in astrotheology? embeddedurl embeddedurl
aman_pasha galaxy32660204 91_bashir _shabab1 now youre changing tour argument again calling it apartheid . the only country in the middle east with its government to have every religion as sitting members of parliament. so wait, israel is 32% arab, and gaza 0% jewish. which side is apartheid again?
cristinamartar after reading most of the comments it seems to come down to how fully each person commits to their chosen brand of religion.
222eyedangel ..out of curiosity, what is ur religion?
rt ntshuni: religion enables rape culture by protecting man - lorraine_pilime rapeenablers embeddedurl
goldenmazinyo • “o people of the scripture, do not exceed the limit in your religion or say about allah except the truth. the messiah, jesus, the son of mary, was nothing except a messenger of allah and his word which he directed to mary and a soul from him. so believe in allah and ..cont.
calvaryfalls right!! the overzealous-ness of religion is literally the point. and if you as an atheist feel "erased" by a show called midnight mass, why are you even continuing your watch to the end??
my religion is caffeine. i want to be saved. coffee shops are my sacred church.
paratus26514708 lifeofcandi the prophet muhammad: the best people in religion are those who are kinder to their spouses, and i am kinder to my family than all of you." "paradise is under the feet of mothers fear god about women (and respect their rights); "because they are in your care."
arund70254911 opindia_com this is the thing. for muslims, their religion always comes before any nation or anything. and in india, hindus like kohli imvkohli give unnecessary gyaan on hindu festivals trying to suppress hindu religion instead of embracing it. aurangzebkebhakt bangladeshihinduwantsafety embeddedurl
adityarajkaul and the horror is that it is not just kashmir. other places in india saw this too. we may close our eyes to it but it refuses to go, this religion over country thing... and it's a global phenomenon, france, england, belgium... you name them...
alpinehodl it's the introduction of the new world religion (chrislam) which their god is baal/moloch or satan himself. this + the adrenochrome trafficking from the vatican goes hand in hand.
rt daniisscreaming: sammy graduation edition is my religion :woman_kneeling_medium-light_skin_tone: embeddedurl
corpuscollossus wsj my religion loves and protects children your evil scum cult destroys and hates them...
thardin24 realcandaceo projectveritas any religion that bans injecting fetal cells.
naomi wolf laments ‘war on religion’ amid covid restrictions embeddedurl
postandcourier religion is a dangerous thing when it can be used as an excuse for ignorance.
lisa chats about queer tv for the little ones. what are your kids watching on claire gets to grips with the agp’s. why do they get so angry when people dont buy into this religion? the cauldron - lisa keogh and claire samani - episode 7 embeddedurl via youtube
i agree that ultimately we are all suffering regardless of our gender & religion but the vile motive of the bjp was to sow the seeds of hatred in the hearts of our hindu brothers/sisters against the minorities to destroy the minorities.
apompliano apompliano continues stuffing sheepies brains with useless generic statements. religion. don’t create, don’t work, don’t think, just buy the token. embeddedurl
rt colourfulunico2: anavrittim they hve formed different religion. their philosophy are totally negating vedas which is our pramanam
suthanthirumani envyk_blr fully agree with you. my point was, as religion is left to faith and doesn't figure in science, it's left to the individuals to believe if god is there or not! i was just answering the question raised by sandeepmall and not going beyond that!
be honest. don't hide behind religion. jesus wouldn't like that. embeddedurl embeddedurl
simran_r what is criteria for a religion to be declared as minority? if ignorant better stay away.
ha ha mind if their own. you've literally brainwashed these children to believe your ideology. after your ideology is important to you because it has replaced your religion. you want to raise these kids in your new religion. embeddedurl
sagistarbb my first tattoo was on my forearm after i left religion & literally took control of my life wtf
ibnsiaad when a outsider criticize somalis and says this is what somali culture is about, that’s wrong every culture has wrongs you can’t expect culture to be perfect is not a religion
roohi99194178 shameonyouceattyres praying namaz on road is not islamic. but what about blocking traffic for procession of dead bodies. procession of idols in chariot etc. why is this bigotry only applied to one religion?? embeddedurl
khalidaansari4 why not deracinate religion?
rt chris91138742: attacks and killings will continue until everyone accepts the religion of peace and love... embeddedurl
him condemning hinduism as a religion, maybe? all of this is basically "chalta hai". ps: all of these incidents are extremely unfortunate. i hope people do not blindly continue following their leaders just because of their own egos, and see what's what. embeddedurl
christians: if you are unwilling or unable to listen/engage contemporary polytheists on polytheism, do not bother coming into a public square to debate, provide a hot take, or try to witness to us. most of us have a good working knowledge of your religion and ours by necessity.
if you have been targeted because of your disability, race, religion, sexual orientation or transgender identity, or you are aware of someone else being targeted, we want you to report it. embeddedurl
tanishka0422 aranganathan72 money ~ talks, listens, sees money ~ religion, caste, creed money ~ character, ethics, intellect it's all about money.
rickinabox1 you have a home land in australia where you can be with like minded people. please do not use force on me, i’m not part of your religion.
sdrvr because then the rw will say muslims keep religion above nation.
not changed entirely but couple of booked did influence me greatly. from my journey away from religion, building good habits and my current philosophy to life embeddedurl
why not halloween nanti art community twitter cosplay any character they wanna be? nothing to do with religion and belief, just creative people cosplaying as ghost & be happy ヽ((◎д◎))ゝ embeddedurl
i strongly and firmly believe that politics and religion should not be associated together.
all not even mentioning if you subscribe to a religion because how do you even justify how that works? quickly
akashjaiiiii beastdharshan actorvijay convert na eppadi bro? religion convert or what?
rutradebtc one race human one religion love one voice equality one strength diversity one community and one project embeddedurl adult content sharing reinvented blockchain based censorship free 0% creator fees nsfwapp embeddedurl
artahammer i teach economics and have for 27 years. religion, too.
unhumanrights everyone regardless of the gender,religion or color is entitled to humanrights ,why are you so quiet on dictator museveni of ugandawho has & continue to violate human rights ? we know museveni is your puppet but consider ugandan lives. ugandaisbleeding un hrw mbachelet embeddedurl
finnashleep sawareseven lsxyz9 yea idk of any religion that's antivax lol
georgetakei he attacked everyone you idiot. its his stick. comedy to insult everyone or did you miss the asian jokes and asian vs black covid joke he didn't touch on religion here...outside of pence. your an idiot. try watching before claiming you watched it.
cxgonzalez_ !! i have nothing else to add because i completely agree with everything you said. most atheists i’ve spoken to disagree though (they usually cling to the “less religion = less violence over time” point), but it does lead to interesting convos
sun_berryy bublywater bringing the religion of bubly to fruition one gamer at a time embeddedurl
godmorningfriday in all the holy books - quran sharif, quran majid,etc. of islam religion almighty kavir dev is greeted by the name kabira', 'kabiran', 'khabira', 'khabiran'. god kabir only is allahu akbar. saintrampaljim must watch sadhna tv7:30 pm embeddedurl
harbhajan_singh yuvstrong12 gautamgambhir virendersehwag dekh liya harbhajan and yuvi ko tum log bade himayti bante thai pakistan ke in but i am not angry on pak cricketer bec they always stand with their religion and agenda hatred towards h!ndus two nation theory is proved embeddedurl
as having always been a subordinate to my own mother, and as my mother is already ensconced in religion, your comparison to her on those scales is 1. i am not your subordinate and 2. you don't know what religion is. also, she will be in turmoil from her deep love of me...
balabusta79 michaelhohenst1 josh_pactor barrybenjamin21 p3ng1z iq15991967 gul8877 meowrawrrrrrrr botthescott reallhere exposefakestine matskander palestinenyc kevankerby spicy_tiqa j_ariella scripteladora traseas7 r0guewolf m0sstr00per dsdloveyou illions6 iileahll yasafarts sleepyhead513 fishynobi hanat26_ mierash_ takamochi_31 adrienwolf13 leftofcool13 lavbaaldevarim nanawithgguk markrpellegrino jiminacool erezneumark emmettimanu terangbulanmlm bully_maguire7 retiredjudean tiredoftrollsuf bluntotally amisraelchai41 ftysugar hebmacman manooleh rosieveggdn missy_mylene dny1818 wannnwz it's not about religion. haven't you even worked that much out yet? it's about nationalism. the rights of palestine and it's people
gemmatognini i hope it makes sense. my concern always comes from the fact religious scripture can compel a good person to hold views that i would perceive as immoral. it is the fact religion can over rule one's morality that scares me. in a position of power, that is doubly concerning.
obviously there's a ton of joy in how people celebrate, but how and why we publicly celebrate seems driven by profit motives cloaked in a fake or warped mantle of religion and tradition.
sarahbeth345 it went with morality. not to be confused with religion though. simply concern for the fellow man and woman.
my new religion is this drawing embeddedurl embeddedurl
disgustington69 anon_opin once a catholic always a applies just as much to other denominations. i still genuflect when i enter a church amongst other things. but nowadays science is my true religion. that and the way of the sith.
ladyjaypersists carriesweet2017 well immigrants came to this country for religious and not being ruled by a monarchy. at this point not a lot has changed. we are a melting pot all races religion and beliefs. we cannot go back to anything other than a republic.
i've been experimenting with ai-generated art using my research (religion in canada & mormonism). for comparison: embeddedurl
he was muhammad ﷺ. our nabi, our leader, our teacher, our great emancipator, our guide. he is a teacher of us all. read about him, read his teachings even if you don't believe in religion. he was all that one can aspire to be. eidmiladunnabi
undoer666 sholamos1 what religion was thomas mair i wonder?
i am more comfortable these days defining myself as spiritual and not religious. the structured religion just doesn't speak to me in a way that makes me happy. i do believe that there is a higher power and that it is all around me in nature and myself.
sahakumaresh88 ponnappa_pran kavita_tewari opindia_com hindu ekta??? kbhi hindu dalits ko puchna ki unko sbse zyada attrocities kinse mili h or any lower class hindu. wo btaynge tmhe ki kis religion ne unko torture kiya h. unity bas higher class hindu m possible h, why will someone join someone who have tortured them??
people fight for religion people die for religion but do not follow religion savebangladeshihindus stopcommunalattack bangladeshihinduwantsafety
jackessien10 thecableng nuhuribadu you have said it all brother. to make nigeria united is as simple as abcd, but no him must carry religion, nepotism and clanishness for head. later mumu ribadu go say na people awareness dey cause division.
rt pepper522: gurlinmoon_ “there is no religion or cast bigger than humanity” sushantsinghrajput
spinoza’s religion: a new reading of the ethics embeddedurl
marieny14150 there was a religious revival though and it’s against a lot of peoples religion
urocklive1 i have a question for who’s religion does he intend to permeate government and classrooms with? cuz his religion isn’t the only religion that exists and most churches can’t even agree on doctrine. just asking for a friend.
bihar vs maharashtra fight going on in sachin tendulkar’s mentions. religion was expected but didn’t know the loss to pakistan would spark these regional fights as well
commissarcc i was a militant atheist in my early teens but started feeling alienated as i grew up. i now understand why people cling to religion, even though i'm still not a believer.
aryankhanbail whenever they caught with terrorist activities, love jihad, dharam parivartan, with arms and ammunition, joining terrorist group, scholars say they have been caught because they belong to other religion. please teach these people a lesson embeddedurl
borisjohnson the religion of peace extremists again... i believe david spoke out for animal welfare and against halal butchering.. diversity is adversity ... keep on turning a blind eye if that is what you are paid to do
all these are chamchaas of khangress, and we all know khangressi chamchaas always use religion as tool to gain power and position. embeddedurl
bridget_otoo yea, people only react to issues when money grease their palm or they are one of those craziness. because many pressing human rights crisis occurred but we didn't hear them speak up. alas, evidence in religion taught us much but this time, we will not run for it.
i just saw an early release of projectveritas whistleblower video that is about to be released and omg does every person who was fired and not granted religion exception for the vaccine mandate need to see it. this is genuinely explosive.
chrolloholic boo_hu_tao no but your religion is
wigwam fascism will come draped in religion and the flag. . . but ya, i don't understand this shit either.
we're all united unless you're gay, have a different religion or are an immigrant. then ya nicked or dead. embeddedurl
"vhp activists barge into all-faith prayer hall run by a lingayat man" those who don't know - it was formed as a separate religion by the 12th-century social reformer basaveshwara so effectively, vhp attacked both lingayats and christians today embeddedurl
modi shouldn’t be given a chance to present india as no minority is in peace in india especially indian occupied jammu and kashmir. more than 1500+ kashmiris have been detained with false allegations to use religion as tool to divide and rule kashmiris. embeddedurl
nypost why is she blaming religion?
kaiseratcb whatever is going on she's taken up religion so it must something that's challenged her faith on all levels. i hope her husband isn't making this more difficult for her.
soylolarey test_religion good luck with yours.
sullydish spot on. we need the supreme court to classify this bs as religion and keep it the f out of our schools and businesses.
there is likely some trauma regarding your family and their religious beliefs. because pluto is here, i feel like some of your family is / was extreme with their ideals and practices. you may have grown up strongly invested in religion as well, but might have diverted from it ++
aranganathan72 terror has a religion it's called islam.
رحمت_اللعالمین_کانفرنس learn to forgive people because we claim to be followers of the prophet who is the mercy of the worlds, so we should also treat non-muslim families in our neighborhood with love so that they are influenced by our religion. irfanqamar512 iq_pti_512
dayjaytrades my fiancé majored in religion :man_facepalming_medium-dark_skin_tone: i love her but that was a waste
icc sdoull bannreligious practices on cricket groundbecause in ground cricket is only religion
zipinparadise cup_law cambup_religion zipinparadise that would be “charity” in the modern sense of private benevolence. here i’m talking about the virtue of charity as the purpose of government action. more like “how can the government support and encourage good things/flourishing/endeavours across society?”
ashtre_surfa zabmo a vegan lifestyle is about minimising harm to animals, and that includes bugs. many in the ahimsa religion sweep the ground as they walk.
vivekdbg2 oh we have ram and other gods and their scriptures and their honor to defend. we don't need supercomputers, advanced satellites because we have millions of gods to deal with this utterly trivial work. we don't need science, we need religion. bolo jai shri ram.
chadshoemake the very first two clauses of the first amendment are: "congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof..." so tell us, chad... why do you hate america?
religion don finish the country
the russian justice ministry has blacklisted two church of scientology groups, effectively prohibiting them from operating in the country. for years, moscow has fought the self-proclaimed church, claiming it is merely a business disguised as religion (embeddedurl
ndtv do the killings have anything to do with the religion of the killers and the religion of the victims? or is it some random killing spree.
hesanaughtyboy they also don't want to know how it was compiled. same w islam, judaism, buddhism, ... no cult followers want to know how their religion started.
embeddedurl - roundtable newsx with indfoundation rammadhav_rss on the pew report on religion in india omijomi sahgaln profvemsani nalanda_univ profsunaina pewresearch
the criteria of the questions is kinda questionable, should have been more focused on the principles of each religion and not on beliefs of the position of said religion worldwide, still, it was interesting to do. here's the link: embeddedurl embeddedurl embeddedurl
calltoactivism greed in the flesh. and they use religion as their shield. you can believe, love, and honour your god without being part of a cult that makes others rich
religion is like a penis. it’s ok to have one, it’s ok to be proud of it. but do not pull it out in public, do not push it on kids, do not write laws with it, do not think with it.
evangelium18 nedkellystan it’s sad. you can’t just exist as a good person without ascribing some outer cause or theological purpose. people like you make me happy religion exists because it holds back your sociopathic tendencies.
ndtv if it's religious then everyone not following the religion should themselves abstain.
bigenergy0 faruqbashar kr3wmatic my thoughts exactly... rather than condemn the act, the focus on condemning anyone from a different religion that condemns the act why is it always more important to focus on those who condemning the act ?
drc99596207 harteerathsingh dr sahab mre apke guruo ki ldai zulm k khilaf thi na k ksi ek particular religion k chlo agr particular religion k against hoti to sher mohd kahn jinonhe chote sahibzaado ko death sentence se bachne ki koshish ki thi or guru gobind singh ne unhe baksha tha thori nafrat km palo
agree or disagree this really should be read by anyone who listened to the podcast - sharing many of the same flaws as its subject ‘the rise and fall of mars hill’ podcast puts blame anywhere but where it belongs | religion dispatches embeddedurl
retchedrefuse anarkiddyretvrn i don't know much about it i pay attention to nutrition, not religion
oh it’s on this week. we talk urbanmeyer religion censorship spark with special guest thetoddv take that listen!!! embeddedurl
murtazasolangi so what..., islam ki jeet hui thi parso.. niazi says india was "thrashed" in his saudi speech... he also mentioned , "it's not a good time to talk to india", " he then got in his fav word kashmir mixing sports with religion and kashmir will put you in an isolated jungle.
misplacedg the best part of "the paradox of intolerance" is that you don't have to bring religion into it. you can, but this needlessly complicates things.
canadian judges must go through hours of feminist theory, critical race theory and other woke indoctrination as part of their training. despite that, a bigot named adam germain thought he could treat a pastor's religion like trash. will he get away with it? embeddedurl
problem with twitterng is, on that guy that narrated how he was walked out of church 4 wearing earrings, if that was in a mosque, majority of those bashing him now "4 not honoring his friend" wl be bashing the religion...all of a sudden, it's now cool 2 respect people's religion
theinsiderpaper bjsee religion of peace?
nataliemae31 2. i'm trying to find balance... to fight better. i don't know your opinion about religion but take this as a thought not a preaching, a quote from padre pio that helps me when i remember it: "do not allow the sad spetacle of human injustice disturb your soul."
daveatherton20 mickeyd44314901 taqiyya is a form of islamic deception. the quran (16:106 and 3:28) allows muslims to lie in order to protect themselves or to protect the muslim community. protecting the muslim community, however, involves lying about jihad and portraying islam as a religion of peace.
ptspentax demosthenes803 alvinseven77 it is easy to say "they’re not", thus yours must be correct, but how do you know? they likely say the same about your spiritual guide/witness. i say the plurality of differing answers, points to it not being a source of truth of faith and religion.
now eesa ibn maryam (jesus son of mary) must obey and follow the one who succeeded him. islam is the final religion of allâh, and thus eesa ibn maryam would be required to pray 5 times a day just like any other muslim worshiper of allâh. eesa ibn maryam (jesus son of mary)
without god or religion we have no parameters of morals. every single person would simply judge morality based on their own experiences or on their environment they surround themselves with. imam musawer shahkar, finland musawershahkar listen back: embeddedurl embeddedurl
clarencehouse everyone regardless of the gender,religion or color is entitled to freedom,why are you so quiet on the dictatorship in ugandawhich have & continue to take lives of youths yet your the funders? we know museveni is your puppet but consider ugandan lives. ugandaisbleeding un embeddedurl
scottsauls i can pretty well discern your religion or it’s path by your politics. the two are not exclusive.
spzkaz notasoreloser 8brianvogel4 lepke2112 dr_b_scientist markjonlb itsaboutdamnti1 youngaejy calvine43701301 antifaraising ruxcytbl fueldog3 shawnsm58925824 afreequeen jamal_chill _gawdy_ realwmgclark rick24189161 voice_hard tj2020landslide mochs7185 sharonwood1946 ask_esq29 levinforpres patriot_1776us alucard1116 tinystomper julie_nonumbers originalgoalie 357rees johnsta04243440 dimensiot roberta27674244 carlbinz ajohnso50141696 potomacbeat nancy41603 tyotoriffle monciemaga it's a religion based around peace.
violence against the religious minorities is a common occurrence across south asia. still hardly anyone from the cricket fraternity raise their voice against it due to the politics attached with the issues of religion. mortaza, therefore is a class act for doing so. embeddedurl
mkvenu1 no wonder you are from wire. somehow, they go against logic just as one particular religion goes from right to left.
note to self: the more you identify yourself with labels of cast, creed, colour, gender, religion, region etc., the more you set yourself up for pain. you are a lot more than just this body and mind. quietframe
shakaraspeaks most africans who received colonial educations had to reject those educations to fight colonialism. the fact is that religion hasn't been the same hinderance. there are a number of reasons for this.
jarin78051511 this is how a religion's name is exploited and the spread of false rumors steps up.
mild take: religion wont necessarily lose impact as we progress, its form will just change radically
rubikaliyaquat the terrorists entered the school and barged into a teacher meeting. they carefully separated the muslims from non-muslims. they dragged sukhvinder kaur and deepak chand outside. they shot them dead. in cold blood. but terror has no religion.
can we like. stop using the term "white people shit?" or "[insert race/religion/sexuality/identity shit" to define toxic behaviors?
شہادت_امام_حسن_عسکریؑ he went to the 11th imam saying that imam's grandfathers religion was in trouble. imam asked him to call all the people outside samarra with the christian priest. 'shadat imam e askari' pk5125 zarwpzn embeddedurl
aranganathan72 either clueless or the good cop of the bad cop & the victimhood covering up for aggressors says this: terror has no religion world map in the only data you need an ideology ‘supremacy&exclusivity’ with few variants are dividing the world who swallowed the dead civilisations? embeddedurl
an ex-something doesn’t always mean something isn’t correct it’s just not fitting to which i believe in a faith is someone’s belief and a choice there’s no compulsion in religion
i would have lost my religion!!!! embeddedurl
noholyscripture it's complicated. on one hand, most of the women in question, if asked, would claim they choose it. on the other hand, it is not unfair to say that due to the dogma of their religion they "choose" it because they believe any other choice is eternal damnation. &gt;&gt;&gt;
no one is more blunt & unapologetic about a religion than an apostate from that particular faith. those whom were wronged & suffered from it. in the millions. atheistsunited
johncanzanobft what religion was he claiming btw?
thatlfm unofficialmine i'm here having a moment with my guy, and you come and attack me with the truth??? what manner of religion is this? what manner of ubuntu? what manner of chivanhu? embeddedurl
sajnajk skfjsjxj there were instances esp in our religion sub where they write lyrics for their es$y and get full points for each question some teachers really dont give a f sometimes slfjskf
this moron says she has a deeply held religious objection to getting vaccinated. when asked what part of her religion says that, she says, essentially "no part". "religious freedom" as the right uses it is literally just "i don't want to follow the law" embeddedurl
forget religion, race, gender, politics or whatever all that matters is if you’re a good person or a bad person if you think anything else is relevant you’re probably the latter
anillicitwriter freedom from religion.
bigheyoka many don't understand the dynamics of the nwo and that there will be no military..it's plans of ..a democratic non military government based on establishing peace and solving environmental problems.. with a world executive..a world judiciary..a world religion..world constitution
westofesk kalosianlitten dmitriymolla surgeon_general hhs_ash it isn't a religion, sorry. but what if is, is something you don't understand... called science...
this pic says more about love than any poet ever wrote on love. love is the truest religion... embeddedurl
mousecat1980 imagine if he had done this with the muslim or hindu religion?
i'll be supporting afghanistan in indvsafg , afghanistan team is playing tremendously well when they don't even have sponsors for them, and here you have the richest board, world class celebrities who play for a country where cricket is literally a religion.
euflagmafia also in germany where sunday is a family day - as it used to be here until 24hr shopping became a religion.
hire legit services in; math chem biology essay due pay write english paper pay someone help case study quiz do my homework onlineclass religion assignment due chemistry physics history dm priciset dm us please
kamran_yousaf embeddedurl this is my india. here talent is not seen on the basis of religion. no one hates dr apj abdul kalam in india. oh no matter what religion he should be. role model of young india.
godmorningsunday in all the holy books - quran sharif, quran majid,etc. of islam religion almighty kavir dev is greeted by the name kabira', 'kabiran', 'khabira', 'khabiran'. god kabir only is allahu akbar. saintrampaljim must watch sadhna tv7:30 pm embeddedurl
naikrakesh they are crystal clear in their loyalty to their religion. what are our dumb politicians looking at to reform them, only they can explain.
night is my religion
thewolfpackin ghaznavi? and then they say it is political struggle and nothing to do with religion
translation: please show respect to someone who doesn't show any respect to you, simply because of her religion. this goes against any and every principle of secularism but if you say this out loud, you're an islamophobe embeddedurl
amir al-mujahideen: talk will not work, but will have to leave the house now the companions did not stop praying even after tying stones on their stomachs and you say that it is difficult to follow the religion even after eating 20 kinds of food. کل_تک_معاہدہ_پوراکرو
rt atheist_trooper: it's incredibly amusing seeing religious people call someone else's religion false.
basil_ireton breezergalway k_b_lvi lizzy_lang7 sarahasnoh_ stickmanden atnight65 talkradio clarecraigpath fullfact takethatct swaledalemutton i think that's what started this conversation. generally, i don't see a compassionate society although the majority still think of themselves as christian. i can only see liberalism as a positive, what some call woke..religion, some say was a control mechanism..
best i’ve seen “..when you compile mandate after mandate & loss of freedom after freedom it becomes significant.” “if we don’t stand together & fight back in one voice—soon we could be told where to live—what job we will do—what religion to believe—how many children to have” embeddedurl
for the rest of us, we were relieved that we didn't have to doubt his loyalty. mind you, this was ramkrishna mission, an institution that insists on displaying symbols of every religion in its prayer halls. we were from families that were either marxists or congress leaning, or +
saltyfloridaman retirednikitam reprabb repkellycassidy to be fair to leftists, people in general are obsessed with symbolism. every religion has symbols... politics, businesses, schools, even family coats of arms. it's not a lefty thing, it's a human thing.
like drinking and prostitution, the primitive forms of idolatry are tolerated, but not approved. but political and social idolatry are respected and recommended by men of science as a substitute for religion and by many religious teachers are equated with the worship of god.
never felt a divide in japanese people til recently.where i grew up there was always tension w/ politics, religion & race. seen friends become enemies from a president they like. japan always seemed free from western mentality of difference & judgement. this too has invaded japan
sewes_ it doesn’t only a white person will write that nonsense.. interpretation of a religion to the extreme or moderate doesn’t make the interpretation a new religion..
chewybunny axios alexi israeli apartheid has indeed nothing with a racial pov, it's religion based but zionists prefer "ethnic" as jews are according to them an ethnic people. so skip "racial" (ethnic) color, it's (ethnic) religion?
shekhargupta it is terror it has a religion it is islamic muslims slaughtering hindus a genocide
why, my soul, are you downcast? why so disturbed within me? put your hope in god, for i will yet praise him, my savior and my god. psalm 42:11 jesus church bible jesuschrist prayer bibleverse pray religious christianity christ religion cross biblequotes catolicos embeddedurl
various religion’s views on vaccinations: embeddedurl
oren_jacobson mmpadellan like i run with mayo clinic. the doctor that gave birth to half of my family said yeah, pay the money cuz it's better for your baby's health in the long run but its not covered at all because religion. such bs.
ak_retd ani ownership? abee i am giving you a free advice so that you can get help acha vaise ek baat bta hypothetical situation ho jisme tu injured ho(baghwan na kre) and pass me kewal sikh name ka koi hospital hota to kya tu nahi jata? don't just always do poltics on name of religion.
markmaffsinnit afeduptaxpayer cmorrisonesq ivorpowell3 bbcnewsnight bbcpanorama i not in favour of any religion. that said, none of the facts ive mentioned could be attributed to the holy bible.
r0nansympaths3r when we start a religion for him.
if you want to get out of a religion that you dont choose, they gonna end you and take your wife sure is peaceful religion ehh embeddedurl
iwegbulucky emekaga95632954 it's not science or technological innovation, the true meaning of bid'ah in islam is something that does not exist in the religion but someone by virtue of self-discretion invented it but these cows has misinterpreted it and using it for mass destruction
because they want god and prayer out of schools so the church and state can be separate. conversely state in the church...well...the state has been trying to use religion as a means to influence and control people for centuries. embeddedurl
so much hate in the world, because they don't know what islam really is... islam means peace and is a beautiful religion... but some of them are blind and would maybe never see the beauty of it.... still we will fight, fight for our rights. embeddedurl
everybody thought because i have a white english name as a black man they were going to try and play me. you people are exactly what yo religion describes you - full of jealousy, envy, greed and hate. what is wrong with this situation?
dm us to write your; summer classes pay paper pay write computer sports training algebra marketing political science book review sociology religion biology philosophy religion calculus business lab report broadcast agribusiness homework dm open 24 7
why a hindu priest left the religion to follow christ embeddedurl via youtube
tia_lucas20520 yes and no organised religion that influences social and political decisions in the 21st century is nonsensical. individual belief for comfort is harmless enough.
burnettisms “she said medical exemption and freedom of religion are both acceptable reasons to not receive the covid-19 vaccine.” embeddedurl
solnatamd what confounds me, people easily dismiss the health industry as a business with a degree of acceptance. all the while, failing to see organized religion as big business, untaxed & unregulated which it is, outstripping health care for 100% profit.
i guess separation of religion and state went away with this administration! embeddedurl
when a supreme spiritual leader of iran calls for annihilation of a country. you got to re-think about his religion embeddedurl
...well, the obvious move is to blame the jews. so christianity becomes a jewish religion forced on europeans and i guess we'll just be vague about who was doing the forcing so we don't have to treat it as europeans continuing to beat each other up.
ashamed to share same country , religion and caste with rohit sharma.
‘god gives comfort to the deprived’ this condescending observation is mostly used by those who profit from perpetuating the lies of scriptural religion. don’t indoctrinate/drug people and they won’t be dependent.
gracieawaits michaelmalice validation is mandatory in their faith, so there is no other option but to “nurture” it. unless you reject the religion.
baconbkk there are many elements to the culture civilization dichotomy, and, crucially, the what and how those elements bind us together to create both. faith may come from a fear of the unknown and innate desire to know it and therefore contain it in a plausible ritual we call religion.
todayis32697248 ampalestine mondoweiss "controls it like a prison". such nonsense. isr doesn't control the egyptian border, doesn't control religion education, budget priorities, various militias, civil rights (or lack of), foreign relations- controls nothing except, partially, their ability to attack israelis.
rt notafangirll_: no problem with flaunting religion as long as it's not rooted in bigotry.
finaldorks lebidoush sarahca03638515 h3h3productions i think that religion has been used as a tool in creating cults and harmful organisations. it can disguise for hateful people to hide behind. the bible has been changed and propagandised to push a political empires views
retrogodammed as in like those of them in the religion wount die one day
“be certain that in the religion of love there are no believers and unbelievers. love embraces all.” ― rumi incrementisrightofjestsects
journovox9 wendy_bacon miriamcosic there would protesting in the streets no question. we all have a right to question what influence their religion will have on policies for all.
rt hijabwithcrown: rabi_ul_awal ka chand mubarak ho tamam umat_e_muslima ko! islam__religion_of__ethics embeddedurl
bfactory2020 the religion is beautiful. management is a horror show.
evamckend kamalaharris terrymcauliffe leftist ideology is a religion. this is why they can get away with it.
:smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes: true religion jeans 12 :smiling_cat_with_heart-eyes: our price $59.99. shop online now embeddedurl embeddedurl
looking at them one cannot help thinking how many innocent civilians they might have killed in the name of religion... embeddedurl
religion of peace strikes again embeddedurl
andiswa_matyolo 8blonded bad religion?
10/1: vigil for freedom of religion in china. china persecutes tibetan buddhists, christians, uyghur muslims, and falun gong practitioners. (china's national day)
atthesuper religion is protected from discrimination by law. being an anti-vax moron is not. private businesses are free to discriminate against the unvaccinated the same way they are free to discriminate against the barefooted or shirtless.
the palestinian left wants to build a free, prosperous and egualitarian society in a land that shouldn't belong to any religion. this is no terror, even if it means resistance vs an occupying power: it's part of the solution for the mediterranean and the middleeast. (10)
"if crypto is a religion then richard is god" if your followers are calling you god, that's a cult. you are in a cult, reason has left the station 10 stops prior. you should maybe consider doing the same! embeddedurl
ronfilipkowski no no no pastor- keep your religion out of politics.
colrichardkemp what a great religion!
twit_anthony god is god-pure truth, love, enlightenment on all levels. religion: man-made attempt to explain god, inherent with the man’s beliefs, superstition & prejudices, which causes conflict with other humans from other cultures & religions
rt xmaximist: i’m praying for you $blok we all are no matter our religion. :folded_hands_medium-light_skin_tone: embeddedurl
thordeplorable false god. wearing a 'vaxxed" cross. who's the martyr in this religion, i wonder?
how are you 1/2 a religion? she really be lying lying embeddedurl
this collection consists of six parts and has different topics. love, politics, community, religion. a single edition work from this collection ends in the foundation. . embeddedurl 0.2 eth opensea nft nftart nftcollector opensea embeddedurl
as1128135 prashantchau18 callmehamaadx where is that islamic 'brotherhood' when taliban killed their own kin, see, islam is a beautiful religion but you guys misnterpret it, the sharia law was made to make a strong muslim society but when u have other people who dont follow islam and......
tulsigabbard very very well said. it's no more timur or chenghiz times. violence in the name of religion has to be unacceptable, infact shd be named as terrorism by civil societies n govts . let god provide peace to these monsters
suryakane hiranyareta let us realize one thing because of hindus divided in to various sub casts they are identified by obc etc that has become their religion.
ajenglish no matter who or what m you believe in, this is not what any religion teaches.
a_modified_dog jksteinberger perhaps it is human nature to play host to memes, such as the scientific method, religion, and corporations, which are more or less parasitic or symbiotic. no doubt the memes struggle for existence in our minds and societies. give new memes a chance by wishing an oil major to end
savanahjazzy jackposobiec can they throw you out bc of your color or religion, too? white ppl are less susceptible to covid. do we only let white ppl in? i'm being sarcastic, of course. it sounds like a very bad idea when you really think about it. huh? we are trying to move forward, not backwards.
anne frank should be read everyday!!! my aunt was grabbed by nazi soldiers and put in a concentration camp at 16 and of course immediately raped. she was also a christian. (there’s your opposition) it wasn’t about religion it was about tyrannical control. she went through hell.
keepingpandas husky is a sexuality, religion and nationality. that's the tweet!
krygonfandom what happens when u tell a dude to get religion and he picks up ur ex instead embeddedurl
teapainusa she started losing her focus when she brought up kids. she's just another trumpy, antivaxer. bet q is her religion.
shefvaidya she is calling herself a brahmin what else to expect from her. she tells about sati and purdah-system. but she doesn't know the difference between religion based and societal practices. likewise a person not doing ved-path can't be called a brahmin. and i doubt if she does it.
the government of bangladesh, under the guidance of prime minister sheikh hasina, has set an example by advocating the motto of “each unto his or her religion, festivals are for all.”
sircasstic shekhargupta anusharavi10 ohh come on if same would have a headline with religion reversed many complaining would have no problem. if anyone wants to opposse mention of religion on headlines do it for both cases
iamharshtegta i have never seen any team celebrating one win in such a way that includes religion factors and disrepecting the senior players.
theskandar armaan is hindu, so nobody so nobody will talk about him ..sad part of india.. we all are equal if we remove religion spectacle. mehboobamufti incindia iamsrk javedakhtarjadu mumbaincp toimumbai dev_fadnavis richapintoi mayurshetty01 embeddedurl
when i see businesses using the race or religion card, i boycott. because it’s unethical to succeed by putting down others and creating rasa was-was. embeddedurl
smiles_mando you don't have to be an atheist to accept religion. creationism is actually the minority. also, this is laughably bad. if somebody explained it to you this poorly, they deserve to be mocked.
naheedd anybody who uses the phrase “doesn’t believe in science” cannot be taken seriously. religion - belief santa - belief unicorns - belief science constantly changes and doesn’t require “belief” it requires proof and debate. s
kcchemguy cult. that’s religion right there. fealty to party.
walshfreedom thedemcoalition state religion kills religion
i got greta van fleet, thrice, slipknot, bad religion, milky chance to see by the end of the year then next year is alt-j. so excited for concerts again!!!
coolfunnytshirt movies m b dialogue vese hi hote hai.. wo bold letters m apne religion ka naam likhenge aur hum bold m indian
entradabooks this soul’d world is the paradigmshift of timetravel scientist, callison trebla, who has no choice but to perceive life from a different state of consciousness. what ever your religion or faith is, or isn't: weareallone... embeddedurl embeddedurl
rt cjamehk: laqueenj nobody knows the naked truth... no religion is superior believe in your own god without down playing others
undertv_rbx join our religion!
hermanmashaba please leave religion out of politics.
diversity is much more than the current rigid approaches. there are many diversities and we all participate in some of them: ethnicity, religion, social customs, sexual orientation, gender identity, functional diversities, education, culture, ... embeddedurl
kumarkailash579 timesnow i know right........such a fucking peaceful religion these people are fucking unjustified....
rt clastonb: just a reminder, the keys to our republic are morality and religion. without either, liberty is dead.
omit_313 _zackherey stop disrespecting my religion
rt pak_kafir: muhammad: "whoever changes his religion, kill him." muslims: embeddedurl
if the aliens showed themselves instead of dicking around it would end the earths perpetual disagreements based on ideology, religion & mistrust and we would sort climate change out in a jiffy.
if your wearing a thobe or abaya or hijab your representing islam so try make your actions be in accord with your religion
culpritsbailedinnocentjailed why only for hindu saint ?? is it wrong to protect the country and religion or is it wrong to serve society? justice for bapuji (sant shri asharamji bapu) embeddedurl embeddedurl
kurama86 death2tyrants84 "if thou shall believe in the lord jesus and that god has raised him from the dead thou shall be saved." no religion necessary.
so rana ayyub thinks that prime minister of a country has nothing to do but go behind a superstar’s son coz supposedly he wasn’t a fan? at this rate, no legal course of action can be taken against a non hindu in the country coz some fools will start invoking religion?!?
bbcbreaking probably carried out by the religion of peace
i can’t believe people still really out here believing in religion
i should change my religion
thr was a time where religion felt like an indoctrination but now i’m grateful alhamdullilah that leading up to my spiritual growth i’m always looking for a divine power to pour my thanks to and i’m glad i have islam to teach me about god.
angiehokeauthor aziedee david73713342 dopeypolitics willsabol bykenarmstrong well, apparently she’s doing “gods work”. so sick of monsters hiding behind religion. usually it’s those at the pulpits of mega-churches, but there ate tens of thousands of those in positions of power who use this ruse.
have you ever seen that any such video has been made on islam religion? targeting sanatani festivals has become a fashion, make anything after that, if there is a protest, then issue a statement, it is a mistake. boycottfem embeddedurl
whatwasthataga4 frankisalegend1 mirzaraja14 one of my friend keeps country above his religion, for him india is first that anything else. however, his two younger siblings are hardcore believer in their religion. so once he told me that if he try to discuss about these things at home or in society, he may get boycotted.
go_birdgang aceu stop saying its a religion people.. we treat it as the truth. people will try to fill their hearts that can't be filled: drugs, sex, etc everything is temporary, god is forever. they say prove god exists.. well prove that he doesn't? look around you.
asifihadwings i don't eat at chick-fil-a. they're anti-tolerance, anti-gay. chick-fil-a hides behind religion to be hateful to others. frankly, yes, the staff is polite yet zombie-like & the chicken is too salty. the place only has a veneer of decency & an illusion of good food.
i don’t like none of y’all who got the supreme true religion hoodie i wanted, i’m not liking any of y’all’s pics. i’m a hater before a human!
family self friends money country religion embeddedurl
in wake of ongoing events.... schedule caste certificate is granted only to ex-untouchable castes belonging to hindu buddhist and sikhs religion . so on paper , a schedule caste can be hindu , buddhist or sikh but not christian or muslim . part 1
naushabaheyat quranandhadithh ya allah, forgive us for the sins we have committed, strengthen us in our religion, and make us of those who repent & act with sincerity.
rt _helendale: door-to-door religion salesman with a difference. embeddedurl
rt jsolomonreports: supreme court begins new term with abortion, guns and religion topping agenda | just the news embeddedurl
therecount no religion has no valid excuse for not getting vaccinated and ending an airborne pandemic!!! what is this archbishop talking about or any religious leaders stop thebs! and start saving lives!!!
pls tell me why i just had the big brain moment of realizing i can convert to any religion i want
article: "the pseudoscience of reductionism and the problem of mind" (religion, paranormal, pseudoscience, reductionism, richarddawkins): embeddedurl embeddedurl
❦ imagine there's no countries it isn't hard to do nothing to kill or die for and no religion, too imagine all the people livin' life in peace embeddedurl embeddedurl
harishb108 darling, u want to know only misconceptions in hinduism, i can show u horrible things in other religions. but i chose not to bcoz that not my business. but i dnt have to keep quiet if someone selectively targets my religion
drtommartinphd jc20170623wil dr tom, i can help! i'm adjunct professor at trump univ rjt dept of religion & jesussy things. passage is in the newlier trumpian bible, book of third corinthian, kushner 14:7-11 surely i tell you this, it is easier for a camel to be vaccinated, if it is hacked by saudi bone saw
this is the new religion. and you will be forced to worship at the altar of gaia not with incense but with your lives. embeddedurl
nasa nasawebb the biggest question of modern science is answered by religion a black hole is a star that produces dark light that penetrates or casts a shadow embeddedurl
_sabanaqvi which is more serious? for a leftist, it depends on the religion
clarencehouse everyone regardless of the gender,religion or color is entitled to freedom,why are you so quiet on the dictatorship in ugandawhich have & continue to take lives of youths yet your the funders? we know museveni is your puppet but consider ugandan lives. ugandaisbleeding un embeddedurl
confuseforever helped stabilise the world. for the vast time period of its existence, religion has united people in far greater numbers than it divided them.
lol the man said it’s against his religion
kristinekrypto one race human one religion love one voice equality one strength diversity one community and one project embeddedurl adult content sharing reinvented blockchain based censorship free 0% creator fees nsfwapp embeddedurl
west_looper thefinalsteve76 velvetundergrd delta religion isn’t the only thing you can believe in.. and yes, you believing everything your told and not questioning anything is more like religion than actual science.. science involves questioning things, not following them blindly
thesilentcue23 metal_patriot98 raven_cain didn’t even take the time to read the article you shared? don’t hide behind your religion for your prententious thoughts. the commandment isn’t love thy neighbor, unless they are different from me. here’s an even better breakdown of whatever bible verses you might try to use.
abhinavsr virendersehwag indiantweeter tajinderbagga yes of course for us religion is more important than the nation but we don't take sheikhoo seriously so should you...
tru religion is expected to make a huge comeback this fall/winter. they filed for bankruptcy in 2017 & 2019. embeddedurl
unhumanrights everyone regardless of the gender,religion or color is entitled to humanrights ,why are you so quiet on dictator museveni of ugandawho has & continue to violate human rights ? we know museveni is your puppet but consider ugandan lives. ugandaisbleeding un hrw mbachelet embeddedurl
sufyan_e maybe, but caste is so intrinsic to hinduism that it will be very difficult to do that. caste is like a rot at the very core of the religion, its greatest flaw and achilles heal :man_shrugging_medium-dark_skin_tone:
sudarshannewstv uppstf uppolice bannreligious practices on cricket groundbecause in ground cricket is only religion
jonrog1 augustparker maybe i'm simply older than you, but the scariest religion of all is "the only reasons this isn't obvious to everyone are ignorance & abject moral failure." do you really think jim crow wouldn't have happened but for the electoral college?
i could have made a long thread about how the teachers & students blame us on another country troubles. calling us evil & our religion never know the concept of heaven. terrible they also call non-muslim are the one who made the class dirty
fulstrong ginnyvaet66 kconatymd marclamonthill only the ignorant would cite the only source that we have? that’s a dumb comment from someone who has taken on vaccines as their religion and has no capacity to look at the situation dispassionately.
woody_3 lots of countries in the world have religion, australia included. the us are the only developed country that support abortion
verse verses quotes quote allah quran holyquran hadith islam religion religions book christian holybook islamic art photo nature naturephoto animals life human niceday real holiday photos islamicphoto love lovepeoples hereture trust writerslife embeddedurl
maggiemacphers6 gdixon1977 jaquix173 born to it doesn't mean they can't leave - if so, it's a cult. split charities & schools from religion & cut tax exemption for religion - easy. do you know the church of the flying spaghetti monster? that started to demonstrate illogicality of allowing religion special treatment
plaguespanics 1. the ottoman empire was devote to religion but also tolerant of other religions. 2 there is a strong presence of european architecture. 3. the location (on a peninsula) made them very powerful.
talkswild because they live with the delusion that all that matters is economics. neoliberal economics is effectively a religion in this country.
aboutoutrage zain75350384 geertwilderspvv yes. islam is the religion of peace and justice. not the religion of cuckery. any person who isn't a cuck would attack you verbally or physically if you speak ill of their mothers god is more important than our mothers and loves us more. so why would we accept such blasphemy?
abortion, guns, religion top a big supreme court term embeddedurl
the concert happening in ksa is not in the name of islam. the dramas happening in pk are in the name of religion. same boys are now out on road blocking movement of people in the name of religion. biddat is doing haram things (or thing not part of islam) in the name of islam. embeddedurl
dhoodson religion and politics especially when joined together.
meljsaysso ericcmeadows kristanhawkins you're addressing someone whose religion, or more specifically relgious denomination, was founded by a sexual predator, says it all really.
wahabi preacher: brothers this religion is not based on your logic, or that of any scholar, so leave it outside. wahabi awaam: place logic at door. wahabi preacher: then applies his flawed logic to every narration he mentions and poor listeners think it’s orthodoxy.
phi1b3rt patrabbitte1 steve_hanke nayibbukele as an atheist i agree on the cult becoming a religion. still falso though.
facebook needs to learn from twitter. linking a social media to propaganda of a particular race, thought or religion & imposing restrictions on others is a very bad move.about 30 of my fb accounts since 2007 have been blocked just for posting in favor of kashmir & islam. meta
india team mein muslim player k liye kitna mushkil hota hy halanky performance sharma aur rahul ki b zero thy lekin target shami ko kia hy rss walo ny religion ki waja sy embeddedurl
you are wrongly talking about muslims.islam is a religion of peace. embeddedurl
this is a “complicated simple” question. it’s complicated because, the very first thing organized religion does is indoctrination: to instill fear, not fear of god, but of fear middlemen who sandwiching themselves before god, play gods. embeddedurl
hansrajroy hindu977 ravindr95654884 bharatretold drbwahahahaha tam_chris20 dharma_4_u i_am_bhu_shn sevakmasih pani_sujit victoryvox brethrenindia royjone60263797 takethatdarwin itamarati5 jose2ss hmmmm123456678 romans83539 prince53302426 davechers anoozra97 abinnysingh friedrichpieter sagarikaghose show me one where i have first said anything wrong about any other religion
himanshudhiraj samina_fayaz dgpkarnataka i will say what u want me to say, i say godse and his followers are mc's and soon will sell whole nation and make a huge difference on basis of caste, cread, religion etc...
i stated that every race, color is equal and i believe that to be truth so i think marriage is equality and that it doesnt matter what our race is , or color, religion , sex, sexual orientation, etc because love does not see color it sees acceptance ,on a spiritual level embeddedurl
as a student of politics and religion, this is a bad mixture. he's said it out loud many times before, that his duty is first to god but this is the first time he's gone searching for precedent he considers authoritative. his messiah complex is starting to outpace ammon's. idpol embeddedurl
sunday: “christian” trumpsters are a good reason to reject christianity in addition to the fact of jesus christ being a fictional character based on rabbi yeshua ben yosef; the religion’s tenets of peace, love, forgiveness, compassion, and tolerance are fictional for trumpsters! embeddedurl
unhumanrights everyone regardless of the gender,religion or color is entitled to humanrights ,why are you so quiet on dictator museveni of ugandawho has & continue to violate human rights ? we know museveni is your puppet but consider ugandan lives. ugandaisbleeding un hrw mbachelet embeddedurl
chinedudennis6 you're the ignorant one...of course the ones 'free' from religion... thinking they have attained some rank in a non existent intelligentsia..i didn't ask for your rabble-rousing.. go and clown somewhere else
georgie81731702 drumaralqadri if a muslim invited a practicing catholic like yourself to mecca you'd most likely whinge that he was trying to force his religion upon you.
the center for religion & the human announces terencekeel "divine variations" as winner of the 2021 iris book award. embeddedurl via thehuman_iub
imeghanavirat shami ni religion chupinchi troll cheyadam is wrong, no one debating that.. but extrapolating it and showing as if entire india abused him is pathetic... ishant interview is relevant too.. demeaning ones food habits based on religion is wrong too...
one religion: abrahamic family house to be built in abu dhabi - embeddedurl embeddedurl
tarekfatah the sad thing is that, all d muslims unite against othr religions evn whn they themslves r wrong, ignoring all facts n truths, defending only their own religion n quran.thse r very dangerous people on ds earth who learn to b blind to their own despicable nature n traits.
dev_fadnavis bjp4maharashtra chdadapatil shelarashish seven dangers to human virtue. 1. wealth without work 2. pleasure without conscience 3. knowledge without character 4. business without ethics 5. science without humanity 6. religion without sacrifice 7. politics without principle embeddedurl
it is the first religion that preached and practiced democracy; sarojini naidu, whoismuhammad
jknc_ spreading hate against other religion , we have destroyed more than 26 islamic countries -afghanistan ,syria,libya,yemen,mali ,congo,ethiopia, niger, nigeria, somalia, sudan and many under civil war /terrorism .people are dying with hunger . please have some mercy to your indian
european folk religion attacked for being too white & cnn whines about white identitarians again odysee embeddedurl bitchute embeddedurl rumble embeddedurl vk embeddedurl gabtv embeddedurl embeddedurl
imgeniusanand yes. no one is denying that. the root cause is their religion. more important being the minority religion of the country.
the “transfer” from analogy to numerology; i prefer the word numerology to digital. i remind you that numerology was a religion. this is very important.
shawntemple17 mazula05 terrymcauliffe glennyoungkin nobody is forcing any religion on anybody. where do folks get this shit? but if you vote for mccauliffe, its a vote for marxism. get enough of that, you'll be praying for it to stop.
terrykrepel heyvaffanculo nickfondacaro nbcnightlynews avatar, because little weasels like you dox, people, burn down businesses, vandalize property, key cars, break windows. woke is your religion.
crazy_crash08 emilia's birthday coincides perfectly, down to the minute, of the death date of the messiah of the reich's state religion. hedonism and blood sacrifice i assume.
crazy how religion can change an entire family dynamic
thewire_in abhi03304793 accha tarika hai particular religion wale crime ka whitewash karne ka but asli love jihad mamle par wire kavi report karna nahi.enke anusar to particular religion wale satya ka masiha hai embeddedurl
nkanumann again, it is not religion but the leaders who use religion as a proxy.
bahaibic addis ababa: "climate action requires insights of science and religion" embeddedurl
"congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof (...)." nothing in the constitution about 'must believing' much like freedom of speech allows me to speak and also nothing saying i 'must speak.' embeddedurl
ashokshrivasta6 virendersehwag didn't mention mu$lims anywhere in his tweet but this b$tard kavita_krishnan pull that tweet around religion. that is what they are? always plating victim card.
tribes or religion, it’s between greed that is being institutionalized and the tribal and religious extremisms used to stoke the embers of propaganda.
desertbuttes sorry for assuming, but you came into my mentions saying that organized religion was not needed!
crandysheriff akaslams cnn drleanawen anybody who was really right with god would care if they spread a virus and killed people, including people whose souls would go to hell now, but who would have taken up the religion later and had their soul go to heaven (if you believe the bible).
davidllwilliams _mitchmitchell missali16 i personally believe the claim that it’s a religion and that they’re born into it but no, i don’t believe it’s every single person on the world stage definitely not. i think it’s a select few.
// rape by the way this is a horrible school all around that teaches political classes in the context of religion and has anti-abortion assemblies embeddedurl
she is the moment. she is my religion. embeddedurl
viewspotnz i dunno about evil but she is young, lack the hard won wisdom of age and was bought up in a rule bound religion. she has an old testament feel to her.
religious exemption? religion is outdated.people want to wail about travesties of the past with slavery,abuse,aggression and church’s top that list n should have their exemptions (taxing especially)removed! if people want a religion fine but don’t expect me 2 subsidize it!
y’all new booty’s weird af lmao .. acting like true religion some nostalgic shit ..
birbal also known as mahesh das brahmabhatt was a brahim who left hinduism and accepted din e ilaahi. where as maharaj maan singh clearly said that he will never leave his religion. embeddedurl
"it's more aligned with the kind of orthodoxy we have not seen in terms of religion since the salem witch trials." embeddedurl
lakhbir singh touched guru granth and he was lynched. why scheduled castes are staying with the sikh religion where they can’t touch guru granth. sikhs are giving free food in gurudwara and hiding the ugly and barbaric faces of sikhism.
alfredmnyathi kaconfessor and stop hammering people with your religion.
rt rickyjenkins: never mix religion with politics. the only thing you’ll get is politics.
the work of religion is nothing but astonishment. not the kind that comes from turning your back on god but the kind that comes from being wild with ecstasy. from being drowned in god and drunk on the beloved. ~ rumi embeddedurl
niall_boylan bring them up muslim is the religion of the future
nubulagalaxie i was into the metaphor of colonialism and how missionaries literally export genocide/evil via religion/self serving but i dunno what to think honestly.
he is a human being" and which are "inherent in all human beings", regardless of their age, ethnic origin, location, language, religion, ethnicity, or any other status." indian cricket board has banned pakistani cricketers to participate in ipl since 2008. 3/5
nftsell this crazy detail for only 1 tez, grab it yours! religion of mecha available on hicetnunc2000 • link in bio • have a nice day people. embeddedurl
abdulazizabdwa1 _sayema kkriders iamsrk so you know the religion of aatank....i mean really....think again ...
robertkoenig57 aviberkow45 why? your religion doesn't like peace?
religion anyone?
clay’s correct. influenza is 2-3x more deadly to children than covid. and . (it’s a religion to many, folks. understanding that clarifies everything). embeddedurl
panduck illumeably please before replying to this explain to me, are you mocking the islam religion? or that they ride the lion? im bad at understanding..
noozchoozy if it informs it for them to be kind, compassionate and respectful i have no issues. if their religion, as opposed to faith, influences them to be judgemental and dictatorial and unkind i do have a problem.
basil_ireton naomitimt k_b_lvi lizzy_lang7 sarahasnoh_ stickmanden atnight65 talkradio clarecraigpath fullfact takethatct swaledalemutton i had religion very early on however, for some reason (perhaps some one never mentioned) i knew 'stuff' early on. knew to see religion as a good thing if you knew the bad things. did me good.
shahrukh_1inc he is a third class fellow who always comes and comment when tweet is about religion but this rouge is silent on this embeddedurl
hey bbcnews, you have misquoted the 9 protected characteristic listed in the equality act, missing out sex. freudian slip? "age, disability, race, religion, sexual orientation, pregnancy and gender reassignment are enshrined in the equality act 2010"
rt itsasimriaz: we must constantly remind ourselves that whatever our religion or creed, we are all one people. umar riaz ruling hearts
drfrankturek "some people can't handle the truth. we need more people pointing this out. we need more people pointing out the immorality and outright irrationality of the kind of thing that passes for religion." fixed it for you. you're welcome.
ashindestad i don't disagree, however in times like these a valid urge to protect minority groups can often overshadow valid attempts at addressing the root cause. dogmatic religion and radicalisation.
overtime for anybody looking for religion there is a basketball court like this in the center of almost every lds church building
villavelius it’s already here. it’s called leftism. it’s definitely a religion that demands strict adherence to its ideology. any independent thought and your excommunicated.
zenaphobe disagree. religion was always use as a tool to control people. explaining to unexplained is a byproduct that further enforces 1. if somebody knows why this or that happens, how can i go against it?
johnc64 abdaldeen1 g0ddessathenas welshlfcfan98 no compulsion in religion. just don't project your woke bs on to us. thank you and good bye.
truthbetold i prayed to the superior mother of god the lady of the cosmos i prayed that earth be released from every religion & irreligion holy mother accepted my rationale back to the first purest science & ordnance holy guardianship only embeddedurl
neoncascades getsexyorelse kjallday_1989 boosieofficial because religion and sexuality have everything to do together? they can’t compare tf
from adolf hitlers's 1925 autobiographical manifesto: "i am personally convinced of the great power and deep significance of christianity, and i won't allow any other religion to be promoted". isn't that what our religious bigot ex-president said? never forget
if you drive a jeep i have reason to believe that you are weird about religion
rt wth_aryan: you don't have to compare two specific things, you can enjoy both. (except religion)
trickhasfallen nah i just don’t like abrahamic ppl in general since their bigoted and poisonous religion cult has destroyed cultures and killed millions of people
shubham007st dreamerupsc jaynildave punishedphelan religion column mei bold and capital mei likhte hai indian
"what is islam and what is religion? religion wants you to reform yourself – to bow before allah, to discharge your duties you owe to allah the almighty." embeddedurl
come talk with me and anthea butler!! antheabutler about her new book, white evangelical racism: the politics of morality in america (virtually) at the center for religion and media, nyu on wed, october 27 at 7 pm. embeddedurl
1) how many of you think your romantic relationships are the most important things giving your life meaning? 2) how many of you have suffered tremendously because of your romantic relationships? 3) stop trying to make romance your new religion. embeddedurl
celebrating today isn’t easy for many people:those under pressure from family, religion, or professional concerns. open invitation, you can always message me and speak your truth, and i can support you any way you need- even if it’s sending a meme every few days. you are loved. embeddedurl
aubryandrews i really dislike the acting, the pacing, and the ending. too much didn't make enough sense and the motivations for characters were too wishy-washy. was it a show about people's complex relationships with religion? yes. should it have been? no.
this is religion. meaning and purpose for her life. (courtesy el gato for the link.) embeddedurl
sansy_dami although, sadly from me as a switch damian fan, it's looking more and more like i'm getting in the majority. i keep seeing there's even something as a bottom damian religion so definitely feels like it's getting the common way.
circlestarsc a holiday that only exists to own the pagans, to steal the celebration of the winter solstice. the other holiday was to take the spring equinox from them. think of it. an entire religion consciously took another belief systems celebrations. but its only bad people, not religion.
healey793 “if your religion plays political games, it should pay taxes!” spot on!!! your saying should be a bumpersticker.
mieczyslaw malinski, polish theologian, died at 93 monsignor mieczeslaw malinski was born on october 31, embeddedurl religion
msmsisterskhi mustafavi sisters there is obscenity everywhere on social media which we have to fight hard. preach the religion of islam so much
poetryman551 this soul’d world is the paradigm shift of time-travel scientist, callison trebla, who has no choice but to perceive life from a different state of consciousness. what ever your religion or faith is, or isn't: we are all one... embeddedurl embeddedurl
celtictiger357 i'm not american but i concur for my own country. theocratic rule would put society back decades or even centuries (depending on the country and religion).
rabbiyys antisemitism does israel mean semitism? i love jews and the religion but disagree with some israeli politics. i don’t boycott israel. help?
recent research in subsaharan africa has shown that those who could neither reate a job nor find a job get into politics and religion and do well.
jakgggggg cbcnewsbc antiscience? ridiculous religion.
i see a holy war spreading across the universe like an unquenchable fire. a warrior religion that waves the shop banner in my grifter’s name. fanatical legions worshiping at the shrine of my grifter’s skull. a war in my name! everyone shouting my name! embeddedurl embeddedurl
masalafry69 simonmaginn he's one of a number of discreet zionists who rarely mention palestinians. like you, i couldn't care less about what his religion might be but i do object to him pretending to be impartial when he clearly isn't. zionists are obnoxious supremacists, secretive ones are even worse.
tribalarmy each indian country is fighting with religion since history. embeddedurl
vicenews mailonline abc radiofreeasia zakdesk north korea hates religion, especially christianity, and are detained just because they have the bible. christians executed in north korea.
rt leslibless: unless you can question science, it’s just a belief system, a cult, a religion, and propaganda...
zypisfy mucusmucous rossgilroy mscredentials badgervindaloo a_damned_smith secularsandwich tk_the_kitsune zapher134 wolfpak561 stilldizzy2 simple_shaman praisehisname50 kester_lowers realanondouche bluedragonsfang horusrage godflythe peter_telecom leanneaf sbuddie1877 ericbonner31 cern_lxxl 1pckt globalist13903 jlee2027 quin4trump tiffany_stuff waragoodwarfare willsworldview tklforgiven hauxton chortling_man wondersnorbit pray2pesci kaaskeizer johnkrahn2 wmmanry sportoghesi takethatdarwin ramirezplayer oohglobbits5 falchion14 delsur742 janetb172 heathensawyer collinoctantis tarquinrees tcunderdahl tjaytheist if i was a catholic, i would probably steer clear of church to avoid the confines of my own religion
acif00 sinning is between a person n god. lets put religion aside and talk abt consent bcs rape is never ok in any religion whatsoever + the woman agreed to be shown on tv while raja farah in this case, she wanted the scene taken down so him telling the world abt that is just fucked up.
deathmetalv amen, oh wait, i am sick of religion too.
snowyofficialyt shrek29965062 itslarskm wait... is it based on religion or country? i was told that it's based on country lol.
october is domestic violence awareness month. dyk... every 9 secs in the us a woman is the victim of dv? 1 in 4 women, as well as lbgt persons,will experience dv in their lifetime? neither race, wealth, gender, age, nor religion is immune from dv? something, something. embeddedurl
frank armstrong considers the significance of religion in the world, and the important contributions these traditions can make at what is a point of inflection. embeddedurl broadsheet_ie boweschay liamherrick villagemagire filmwayfarers alangilsenan1
riverz24 andy_dawson it's problematic in a lot of churches tbh. mormons and evangelicals churches have also been caught red-handed. maybe a top-down autocracy when it comes to religion is a bad idea. after all, religious preferences are mostly based on indoctrination and personal experiences.
joon saying "real hot girl shit" is my religion. embeddedurl
imagine letting your religion or zodiac sign define who you are or making it your character traits lmao islam zodiac wweraw lgbtq onlyfans embeddedurl
manipulative movements have no shame: they use and appropriate religion, such as the kissing of feet now, therefore the opposite is true now. if you take spiritual truths mechanically you may be kissing the devil. don't follow the spirit of woke; stay free. embeddedurl
rt itslawyersadi: pls denormalize using religion to justify your awful behavior.
boy, those socialist/communist/radical progressive dems have created innovative means to segregate & tribalize all americans by their skin color, religion, political affiliation, constitutional freedoms, child education/crt, monetary success, vaccine mandates, and good vs evil. embeddedurl
another day, another religion card. embeddedurl
joshmandelohio amendment i congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble,
albernaj ah, the original “marxism is like a religion” bit
jesusisking67 the group of people running the anti-christ nwo script believe they can do what they want. is a software engineer ceo an anti-virus expert or one of the eugenics with devils horn? the third temple will be built in all of man in the religion of the heart.
braddesmond2 he is also a classic case of a religious zealot, who, disturbingly, has no connection to the moral compass of the religion he makes so much commotion about. it doesn’t inform how he behaves. like everything else he does, it’s all form and no substance.
farjad99 we have done the same to our minorities. they live in constant fear.and we look down upon other religions. it’s like we are the only true religion and the rest of the world are just plain stupid & we need to bring them to light by forcefully converting them. what abt balochistan?
borges whoever twitted with such kind filthy sentence needs to get punished.nowdays it is not that hard to track or locate the person location and put him behind the bar for such obnoxious comments.having said that, the point u r making is baseless there is not religion involved in it
theforeignmoe what's the problem with following it? that's called faith. if you can choose not to follow it, they can choose to do so... some misinterpret things yes, but the whole "translating" argument is done by people who can't follow religion, which is their choice, afterall.
master_nobody mhack_secrets all of them became worthit if any one only gain 10 percent knowledge of holy books ,of their respective religion
yevdokiya_z cnmathew1 bell00david disagree. i think religion begins with the awareness that i can't do this myself, so please god help me!
pratheesh_hind covid and religion there is no relation as long as world wide it's taking.. by religion it's only in kerala ?
unatoa thao ka sadaka.. pastor ana confirm ka ni fake. scam religion
chinese uighur students in one of the beautiful mosque in xinjiang uighur autonomous region, reciting al-qadr surah chapter-97 from the holy quran, no religion teaches violence &islam is indeed the religion of peace, few misinterpret it for personal gains. embeddedurl
m0sstr00per elonmuskinfuhku lavbaaldevarim muskinelon angieshermua dlsmith0817 miriaml99472550 stephen46723144 retiredjudean p3ng1z ajewfromjudea terangbulan2021 zounaidosman erezneumark fredyosemite mortymechanic robjones2019 iq15991967 badridawud joei3urrows sleepyhead513 giheme abel_balb0 swepal1 for_americans phialkeeper emmettimanu wannnwz whywouldyou_uk storey2bob realhasdaic onna_oni02 fishynobi kevankerby void_deathwatch ellyngail natashahyy6l225 mabosisc docbegel timgranite r0guewolf psteinbird1 dsdloveyou matzly mehrmiriam gomiriam63 truthtopeace leyyaros dec_judea ppioer judaism is a religion , but jews are a semitic people. don't confuse the terms.
elizableu a lot of the progressive view and the free love movement can be traced to the frankfurt school and marcuse. marxism, deviant sexuality, and the dismantling of religion all go hand in hand.
iseult when aodhanoriordain said “ let’s get them out” in relation to religious patronage did he mean to swap the old religion for this new trans religion. is this the new altar?
antonioguterres everyone regardless of the gender,religion or color is entitled to freedom,why are you so quiet on the dictatorship in ugandawhich have & continue to take lives of youths yet your the funders? we know museveni is your puppet but consider ugandan lives. ugandaisbleeding un embeddedurl
savvyrinu religion is the major problem of africa.
craigja98099614 roni56248402 i think it’s called legalised theft! i think a similar thing went on germany around 1939 but religion based and not age related.
yeet53850422 captainsapphi jasmine 5:12 do not force a religion to someone and gays are hot
venkatesh_medic sarv131 there is no such religion called hinduism. its a term given by british by aligning all the others except christians, muslims and sikhs. unga kuladeivam vera, ennoda kuladeivam vera, ennoda kedavettuku neenga varamaateenga, unga sambaradhaayam vera, appram eppudi rendu perum onnu
samuel chase was a signer of the declaration of independence, a justice of the us supreme court, and, as chief justice of the state of maryland, wrote in 1799 ( runkel v winemiller): "by our form of government, the christian religion is the established religion... ." embeddedurl
while the republican party blathers on with their anti-muslim diatribes, here's thomas jefferson paraphrasing john locke in 1776: "...neither pagan nor (muslim) nor jew ought to be excluded from the civil rights of the commonwealth because of his religion." gopbigots
euare2022 ready to go! starting from today, nov.2ndit is possible to submit panels and amc proposals for our fifth annual conference check out the instructions here: embeddedurl overarching topic: ‘religion and diversity’ bologna, 20-23 june, 2022. embeddedurl
virsanghvi who has allegedly lied about his religion to corner a job meant for a dalit candidate. the utter lack of accountability & action against wankhede tells the whole story of the aryan khan fraud case
embeddedurl religion should be separate from state, but apparently not in the 46th parliament by james fitzgerald | 5 july 2019, embeddedurl religion retains hold on australian politics in 'soft theocracy' by max wallace | 19 march 2021 embeddedurl
realbrysongray teaching religion in public schools is a slippery slope. if you teach one religion you have to teach them all.
also i think religion is so gloriously weird and wild and i love to make good natured jokes about it.
don't give her fame .. it's against our religion and culture .. stupid & sasstye liberal ppl shalwar embeddedurl
shameonvirdas exactly!!!!!! every country has our own issues.. but nobody defames their country and attacks a particular religion, leaders. it became a trend to apologize after saying shit about their own nation. wannabewoke . embeddedurl
unfknbelievable i must've seen the "happy-clapper keep your religion out of politics" literally thousands of times in this hell site and today i've lost count of how many people have tried to justify this religious discrimination bill how fast can your heads bloody turn?
missterrib religion it's the vexation of this planet.
like religion, conspiracy theories are more complex than just a set of strongly held beliefs writes d_g_robertson of openuniversity embeddedurl embeddedurl
bad enough to make your branding a bastardized appropriated concept from an indigenous religion but to then go and gleefully rub it in that you have the privilege of ignoring human rights as “politics” is just the cherry on top of the shitty content creator sundae. fuck off. embeddedurl
educator here - to be clear: the issue isn't "teach 4yos about lynching". it's age-appropriate lessons: "it's wrong & hurtful to be mean to someone just b/c their skin or religion is different from yours. that's bullying." if mr. rogers could do it in 1969, we can do it now! embeddedurl
_wantobefree meta_nomad religion is inevitable: the ritualization of existence, the desire to participate in a story which transcends us, to worship something that unites us. there is nothing in science that tells you what is valuable. when you talk of values, you have jumped into a religious world. embeddedurl
religion, and the religitards who believe it. embeddedurl
novinstonlobo this is called hindu festival intolerance. we never discriminate your religion and fate. but, you start insulting our festival, culture and lifestyle. you ride bike and bike also release pollution.
adrianturner01 maidelk rtheatheist wally_wego inbybits2 drsly16 mindfuldamage spikeinthemidge doubledoublejon flaffenbam ggelliott1 smoistpit galcondude bartrardo melanie33720945 ah_science malo_j barneyfife09 umfpt takethathistory heathenwombat hugh_bothwell greekvikingx crispycurry d1scojerrys thedukeistheman mscredentials rkdoctr nosciencedenial harleychill2 davidbe89445771 scientiapercept adhominoid 1pckt brijswijk christgodtweet sicut_lupus godflythe waragoodwarfare jools6691 rodeson42 rfirethief pen_bird macbareth hankstern2 suiwazear nodisassemble5 goatmunch pg13scottwatson rayowen27617272 so you're now asserting that no religion is theism apart from christianity on the basis that a dictionary definition has the word "revelation" in it? sorry to burst your bubble but christianity is not the only form of theism.
weird last i remember people hopped on the mayflower to escape religious persecution, this the type of shit that cause the revolution against england, diversity of people and religion should be welcome here. embeddedurl
in ancient times, jain shravak going abroad for business used to carry such type of tirthankar idols with them. so that their religion and rules are followed. blessed are our ancestors... embeddedurl
theidealistic1 if you will notice, christians today hate the same people that their god hates, almost as if they have created god in their own image. on another note, god doesn't hate anybody, no matter their skin color or religion.
kurtarnold_kurt how about church/religion start paying taxes? embeddedurl
intaerna ailfascists nutlawpete shoe0nhead he's not talking about people sharing a goal, religion, or ideology. he's saying that when he sees an inequality (even when it's one people have freely chosen, like more blacks playing sports and more asians coding) then he's a hammer and he's going to slam that nail.
hormonedietdoc fasting is my religion. 95kgs in march now 69kgs - i’m energized at the start of dawn with my cup of kenyan tea and water throughout the day.
gillianmckeith sorry, maga is not a recognized religion.
ancoreaggarwal it does because you need to indoctrinate everyone into argumentation ethics for it to be objective, so that's preachers, that's churches, that's scripture. you're just choosing not to call it a religion.
aryanschythian bahutbadadanda there were many naysayers even before for centuries and hindu religion survived all embeddedurl history and religion properly and don’t go by whatsapp and social media rants.
if no one care about their religion, that is the end of rss. so it is rss's necessity that indians focus on their religion. rss uses media to keep religious hatred alive within society. there must be a law to prohibit media from talking about religion. rahulgandhi
rt tomnwainwright: you can make anything look like a religion if you just do shit like label beliefs about causation as "original sin"
marcorubio the gqpplatform: one religion, no rights for women, voter suppression, book burning and book banning, selective history classes. not allowed to teach students about slavery or the holocaust. but everyone can have an ar-15!
haenzkot asp is something which is never tested but also not that powerful tht it can overcome bsp as main dalit party.. moreover in saharanpur ...it comes to religion ..so for that even dalits go fir bjp
rt exjwcomedianjay: religion has no place in the court of law!!!
comparative religion - the akedah or sacrifice of isaac - includes interpretations from the holocaust and contemporary life embeddedurl embeddedurl (posted by calumet editions) ^?
gizmojigs thiababy4 and my aim isn’t really to make every believer an atheist but to show that religion (christianity) has a lot of problems and to get believers to be more open-minded & tolerant towards different worldviews/people. i am more interested in promoting skepticism than atheism.
beautfc it's only going to get worse. gop has always been more authoritarian because it's how right wing keep their power. the majority don't agree with their policies but they use religion which is authoritarian to keep the supporters they have. they keep promoting the big lie
happy diwali everyone! we have learnt all about the festival of light and made our own creative rangoli patterns with natural materials, celebrating all cultures! rrscoedglas article 14 children are free to be of any or no religion. embeddedurl
gbnews i wonder what religion he was?
danitsegaye6 no report his account since it is full of hate speech and hatred towards a race and religion. it will get suspended.
the first amendment to the united states constitution generally only prevents government restrictions on the freedoms of religion, speech, press, assembly, or petition, not restrictions imposed by private individuals or businesses.
..unique news : the original location of our creator god jaweh , the cherubs , tumbling sword , torch... is all there. see the photo's religion god allah creator news nieuws tvnews media medianews free to download an to use embeddedurl
walahi!!! in today's world, anyone who isn't guided by a well-rooted ideal (read: religion) will be lost.
naninizhoni jessesingal as johnhmcwhorter says, it’s a religion to them, and they are the “elect”.
matthew_hodson quinnpbrown losing my religion (although to be fair, i’ve never had one! )
unhumanrights mbachelet everyone regardless of the gender,religion or color is entitled to freedom,why are you so quiet on the dictatorship in ugandawhich have & continue to take lives of youths yet your the funders? we know museveni is your puppet but consider ugandan lives. ugandaisbleeding un embeddedurl
gouthamrishi991 vandana07498073 opindia_com narendramodi myogiadityanath myogioffice this old man mr pushpendra kulsheshtra as a journalist was in pakistan for 12 years he has read kuran before reading bhagwad gita he has eaten kabab on pakistan streets he has been namazee & now this old man says sai baba is muslim who is he to decide a saints religion ?
perezdimison sammie_shah tahafcb_ there is a difference between islam as a religion and muslims as people the mughals came and ruled despite being in lesser numbers defeated hindus and took over then the british took over and that led to the muslims and hindus being seperated into the two states
religion really turns some people into monumental assholes. embeddedurl
this week on the podcast – ryandbusse, – fmr. gun exec & author of gunfight on how the nra has fused guns and religion with frightening ferocity. google podcasts: embeddedurl embeddedurl
neverdankrupt us_fda i am not against the jab. but damn there are a lot of covidites practicing covidism on twitter. i guess that's the new popular religion started by the media.
siwikiwi cc_baxter35 ody11199 farenet premierleague beinsports_en a pure environment free of toxic concepts that could affect the growth of this child in a natural way. who determines the nature of these ideas? we believe that religion is the one who categorizes ideas and determines what is right from wrong
authorkimberley want to know how she became a nurse since they are required to take several kinds of vaccines at the start of their career and generally are expected to take flu vaccine every year. this is politics and not religion!
rt mpgphd: no such thing as apolitical religion in what's now the united states
hyyh_butterfly yeah, in the name of religion.
holiday rules with family - leave out politics, religion and any hard conversations for another day. thanksgivingday family
altnoaa yukienakama in before the "not all" comments. no, of course not all wars have a religious base, nor do all religions engage in frequent war. that said, religion rears its monstrous head more often than not when a war starts. it has a lot to profit from conflict.
is it a secular step? in times of pandemic, this act seems desperate to sweep money from people in the name of religion. railminindia, tourismgoi & minofculturegoi should be answerable for this offence to the constitution & public! embeddedurl
bowietheus andt4854 maybe if there was no such thing as religion he’d be a good person nevertheless. there are a lot of very good people of other religions and no religion. what you say is nothing more than your opinion.
i am proud to belong to a religion which taught world both tolerance & universal acceptance. i am proud to belong to a nation which sheltered the persecuted & the refugees of all religions & all nations of earth. 𝐒𝐚𝐲 𝐰𝐢𝐭𝐡 𝐏𝐫𝐢𝐝𝐞 𝐈 𝐚𝐦 𝐚 𝐇𝐢𝐧𝐝𝐮 standupforindia embeddedurl
my religion says your religion is wrong and i'm required to tell you that you are a bad person for having your beliefs. don't blame me, it's just my religion, i don't make the rules. auspol afternoonbriefing thisisbullshit
idazhehss farooquijameel did he wrote any book about idlamic political system, or islamic state in modren world? how someone who bypassed the basic principles of islam, which are marit, justice and moderation can claim to be religion leader? who himself inherited his leadership against the way of islam.
emeraldrobinson then you will end up with neither. our founding fathers were well aware of the divisive nature of religion. they understood the imperative of religious freedom. apparently, you do not.
on the auspicious occasion of the 552nd birthday of guru nanak dev ji, the founder of the sikh religion, wishing all those who follow sikhism a happy gurpurab! gurunanakjayanti gurpurab yyc embeddedurl
110alishahbaz safeedkhattak asmaazam71 pakistan is already undone. current one is not original pakistan.. better focus on economy and intl relations instead of misuse of religion
godmorningmonday a religious rural indian, will impregnate the entire world with religion, happiness and peace for the forthcoming thousands of years. - prediction of mr. anderson about sant rampal ji maharaj
thansa wng na nang c nai joto chwng. its not the time we being divided on the ground of our religion, tribe, caste and culture. we tiprasa including all the legal bengali triprasa to stand for tipraland against illegal infiltrations into our state. wewantgreatertipraland
islam presents itself as god's perfected religion. the corollary to this belief is that muslims, as the followers of islam, are superior to people of other faiths. the result of this supremacist mindset has been 1,400 years of violence against non-muslims. embeddedurl
joncoopertweets yes...people who said religion and politics would never matter...
barkha2021 malcolm_returnz he is just spreading hate in the name of religion.. while sitting in a foreign country without knowing the ground situation ..... none can't do anything .. and btw he has blocked me .. .. can't even bear an opinion...
ashish_jadhao in the records is it possible to make a change? that too father's name and religion? any idea what the paper trail would be to make that change?
kabir parmeshwar ji had met jambheshwar ji maharaj (promoter of bishnoi religion) in the form of a living saint after coming to samrathal. witnesses_of_godkabir embeddedurl
ronfilipkowski i say again, and i don’t understand why americans can’t see that trump and his followers are dangerous. this country was found on religious freedom, now flynn and other republicans are saying one religion. america wake up before it’s too late, our democracy is in danger.
ccaesarino losing my religion is definitely the best arc.
respected dhani dharamdas ji, dadudas, saint garibdas ji (haryana), founder of shikh religion (sikhism) guru nanav dev ji and many more devotees are witnesses_of_godkabir . god kabir (saintrampaljim) meets his pious souls in every era. embeddedurl
ronfilipkowski one person's psychosis is another person's religion. embeddedurl
that could happen in any financial race religion so that keeps me active upstairs and in my heart to accept its shitty accept it beats me up put it to bed and go enjoy whatever i'm facing nothing more to it embeddedurl
no enforcement=no “in school year 2018-19, about 1.3 million students—ages 12-18—were bullied for their race, religion, national origin, disability, gender, or sexual orientation. the usedgov resolved complaints of hostile behaviors faster in recent years 1/ embeddedurl
sponsors of the event icaiauh embeddedurl we should notify them that they are funding an islamophobe that disrespects our religion, country and identity. he is also not welcome to speak being an ex-convict of tihari prison sudhirnotwelcomeinuae
people are slowly but steadily getting aware of their responsibility to understand the democratic values i hope it's not far, that politics in the name of religion/ caste will be rejected, and the issues related to development/ welfare will be the main factor in elections.
rt tolul_ope: we’re all going to hell in someone else’s religion, so don’t stress.
akyolinenglish jordanbpeterson i love these two human beings. jordanbpeterson contributed to christianity more than any other person in the last 20 years. we would love to see mohammed_hijab there too especially about philosophy of religion and science etc
wait ngayon ko lang nalaman, from gforce si rianna? i was searching up what is her religion for my joke sana and nakita ko yun
jesus paid it all jesuslovesyou inspiration life motivation wordofgod jesussaves biblejournaling salvation religion godislove godsword holybible praise quotes instagood biblia catholic jesusislord israel family christians bibleverseoftheday trust
rt malikmu378: islam is a religion which teaches us about each and every thing in world. david warner tayyarho embeddedurl
crunchypoll dreamsongs17 realcandaceo religion has been invented to control the sheep. it actually says it in the christian books. if you want to telepathically claim allegiance to a cosmic zombie, keep you bleating away son. why would i be worried about the vax? i'm not even worried what happens the antivax fash.
natashafatah innocent until proven guilty right? well . but this guy is scum in a dirt bag. why would anyone jump and raise funds for his defence is beyond me. a criminal in a criminal regardless of sex, race or religion.
rt drawsmcl: stall 1 my religion can you help me so mysterymixtape_ sees thiss embeddedurl
the first line itself says " kadam bada le , hadon ko mita le ". so kun faya kun is not religion based , actually it's emotion based.
rt sanjay_punia001: my religion is very simple. my religion is kindness. worldkindnessday worldkindnessday2021 embeddedurl
harshmadhusudan thejaggi forget namaz, islam itself is political movement, not a proper religion. because its ultimate goal is to capture all peoples mind and grab entire land of this earth
austine_okpegwa christians just like to deceive themselves with the “religion of peace & love” lines they preach every time. i have seen an athiest hate on anyone for their belief neither have i met any who have tired to impose their disbelief on anyone. it be the same christians every time.
townhallcom that's called faith- like in religion.
_dcooldan_ thesho0ter_ blanktoon i live in a house who loves their religion i have to stick with it
my religion thing atp embeddedurl
julesrprecious it depends on the context. in terms of “belief system” as in true religion snd undefined there it is positive. in acts, paul told the greeks they were “too religious”. the greek word there is the same as superstitious.
mjs_dc if encroaching death can't make you turn to your religion, if you have one, then nothing can.
flowersenglish this is just so so wrong on so many levels. i cant help thinking amongst the genuine refugess there will be some, who, under the guise of a religion are intent on disrupting and destroying the culture and solidarity of the uk. bite the hand that feeds them.
lnp elements trying to change australia's secular constitution to a religion-based one. leading the charge are prominent jesuits like tony abbott and greg sheridan.
people who use/mention their religion to prove they’re a good person is a red flag. you are not fooling anyone over here.
delete pls im a minor my sister hit by meta train my religion forbids this pls delte tef pls e del et e embeddedurl
hasta_vaka itachi mi religion
that's it i've found religion and god. right here!!! look at them!!! we should all worship embeddedurl
. . .hands of the believers so that it is eliminated and god's religion is made victorious over all other religionit is eliminated and god's religion is made victorious over all other religion. muslim brotherhood mission statement" america, embrace christ.
europarl_en everyone regardless of the gender,religion,class or color is entitled to humanrights & freedom,why are you focusing on only journalists leaving dictator museveni who is responsible for all the crimes against humanity?m7novmassacreug endimpunityug21 apacificieu eu_justice embeddedurl
today we had a special visitor called cash. she spoke to us all about her religion sikhism. we found out lots about the ten gurus; special teachers. embeddedurl
it does not matter how well organized your religion is and how many years it was your tradition... if you pray several times a day... if you are not praying to the only true god you are not in alignment to a good future of life after death
suriya_offl without seeing cast, religion and language you are helping needed students to achieve there's dream. i can say you are true indian and gentleman.
hrw whigstandard everyone regardless of the gender,religion, class or color is entitled to humanrights and freedom ,why are you so quiet on dictator museveni who has & continue to violate human rights ? we know museveni is your puppet but consider ugandan lives. ugandaisbleeding un embeddedurl
saliltripathi u urself distinguish people based on colour / religion / caste etc and then call others racist / communal / casteist & what not - saare lelis aise he dogle hote hain kya??
colethereum honestly one of the reasons i love this space no politics no religion limited radical ideas from both sides. let's keep this shit about penguins frogs and catfishes
religion and rituals make people stupid embeddedurl
cryptotraveler i think we've under estimated (or at least i have) the human psyche's need for religion. in the absence of regular worship people often find religion where it shouldn't be (e.g. climate change, fauci, social justice, etc)
1youngmargaret theblaze but you would feel it's ignorant if christians did the same? after all, for some, that's part of their religion too.
major win for soldiers against vaccine mandate that requires military prove they are not discriminating based on religion. embeddedurl
springsky emeriticus willchamberlain being jewish means absolutely nothing to me. worship a doorknob in the moonlight for all i care but, you don't get to use race, religion and sex as a shield against criticism of your actions.
saharareporters when religion become extremism where vengeance becomes for me to act upon and not to god, you don't expect much sensible words from such kinds of fellow because the aim is straight to what they stand for. they need 1 religious country that's the body language
ranaayyub gauahar_khan raise voice please, simba calling a guy terrorist just coz he wears surma,he pushed and attacked and when they don't left anything to say,they call out religion and his brothers name into it... take action colorstv endemolshineind jessugeorge embeddedurl
the most easiest way to collapse something is to collapse it from within. current government doing that to buddhism using the so-called monks like gnanasara, buddharakkitha, kotuwe. the irony is they call themselves guardians of buddhism. lka srilanka religion politics embeddedurl
fkjoebiden55 disclosetv the problem are not the jews, it’s the azkhenazi jews who rule the world. they are fake jews and can be as chameleon around any religion ore ideology. they have now all the money and power in the world, time for change!
what's the meaning of your post. you want to say religion combines in suryavanshi. then where christian.? embeddedurl
prannoyroyndtv barugaru1 dada - citizen are more aware and understand what’s happening! thanks to social media -hypocrite, begot, biased religion fervour are now exposed !so better don’t preach now ! btwn-china can be dealt with politics and might of army bregade! indian citizen understand what u r upto
this is the year i scream “your religion isn’t real” when my family tells me to stop eating so they can “say the blessing” thanksgiving
canadiangirls99 small government and no jesus for me. to each their own though for religion.
godmorningsaturday humanity is the religion of every living being born as a human being. if the conduct of man is not good, then he is a frivolous creature like other living beings. ~ saintrampaljim to know more, please must visit sant rampal ji maharaj youtube channel. embeddedurl
if thicc demon girls were a religion, would be interested in? don't forget to check out our other social media for more exclusive content! (and more thicc and cute girls, of course!) facebook: pinkysoulog instagram: pinkysoulofficial digitalart 2dart animegirl cute embeddedurl
you could never convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising him limitless bananas in heaven after death. but you can convince human through religion. -a brief history of humankind.
captcanuck6 kevinsky gillianmckeith no, which is where people get lost. you have to have a sincere deep held moral objection to it you technically don't need to show your religion, participate in a "service", or name your chosen "god". you'll will more than likely need to describe the abstract detail
manicsquirrel does not equal terrorist. many good people live in the middle east. many live here in the u.s., and some are my best friends. but anyone- including whites can use a religion to excuse doing evil. anyway i to have been called all sorts of names for being a veteran. it isn’t fun.
literally the festivals of every other religion mandate animal sacrifice or consumption of meat. hindu festivals alone do not. yet still we will be preached to about animal welfare by celebrities & animal rights groups? absolute height of ridiculousness.
niharikaiyer agree. you've good and bad people in every caste, race, country, society and religion. generalisation in this context is the worst thing one could do.
sumanthraman this is how secular person tweets. when minorities talk against hindu religion, all people like you should demand the withdrawal of their comments. then majorly also will not retaliate.
kadak_chai_ yeah sure! shove religion in between so that no one can question! after seeing this pointless hastag i m sure now that this country is finished! banda sach bola toh sabki phat gayi
those who would divide us on race, sex, political views, religion, votes— they’re knowingly or unknowingly attempting to tear communities (maybe even countries) apart.
gopleader don’t you dare utter the word chanukah !! you don’t get to say squat about judaism when you and your entire gop is whitewashing and using replacement theory for one race and one religion. stop!
tweetmentcentre now i was only ever a c grade in maths but bloody hell, is she that stupid or just playing stupid because her supporters have been blinded by the snp regime for the last 15 years and seem to take their word as gospel. actually let’s not suggest the snp register as a religion
americafirstimm bigleaguepol so if your an interpreter and islam is your religion it's your right to be in the us? lol!!!!!! clearly he wasn't cleared through a proper vetting analysis. sorry but islamic terrorists have no rights, except the reception of a firearm to the body.
ivandubets themarsh_wiggle colonelhomsi sure it's about religion. not about some old man clinging to power. no no.
comicdavesmith right wingers worship trump, refuse to believe racism is a problem, are militaristic, anti-free trade, anti-freedom of press, and only believe in freedom of religion for christians and jews.
tomorrow's chanukah which means it's actually against my religion for anyone to openly hate on toby so enjoy today while you can haters
pti_news all the politicians, intellectuals, superstars, sympathizers belonging to that community are busy only in blaming others, self-promotion, self-earning, and spreading hatred everywhere in the name of religion.
skinwalkerquinn antiquedestiny and base on the lack of knowledge you have on the muslim religion; islam, i think that you are unaware of the "significance" of the hijab as well.
cnnnews18 kctyagijdu arunima24 he will not be alive today if he had spoken against another religion. so much for our tolerance..
patrici16650999 benjaminaboyce wrong. crt was developed in the 70s by bell & del gado, and became a school of thought in the '80s that eventually took over the academy such that by the '90s it was more like an unquestionable religion. this paper wouldn't even be published in 2021. embeddedurl embeddedurl
80lokranjan sri9011 imtiazmadmood just imagine someone kill you on the name of religion and marry your widow wife on the name of giving support. and after sometime they can divorce her too. if only 4 allowed then why prophet had 13 wives? embeddedurl
raviranjanin this is truth...we teach our children to respect others religion but madrasa are teaching this. unfortunately no one raise voice against it.
rt theboywhowrote: if religion was treated as philosophy instead of historical fact, things would be much different.
seanhannity "religion" and "bowing at the alter" mean climate alarmism is a religion. unprovable beliefs, unwavering faith regardless of science, and other dogma are characteristics of a religion. it's adoption by biden et al is unconstitutional (first amendment). please sue him
now on rmr: : a way that a religion : loop 3 series bb nowplaying radio hkw [211113.215925]
many things are included in ethnicity ; culture, country, language, religion, ancestry etc. guess which one of these cannot be changed ?
religion of the rifle, one nation under gun, believers of the bullet, pistol embeddedurl
ex4rs just against my religion boss
jesusgo16281486 kgfmoudiddy jaccpot_01 baeevanity rollingplaness lol, you really thought you did something there didn’t you? why would i make an arguement with someone who is hellbent on believing bullshit? i already know that there is no turning you away from religion, so there’s no need to waste my time. have fun sending empty prayers. lmao
sacajawea1970 god... maker... source, more names than a phonebook. religion tends to be yet another racket. people need to get with the essence of it and not the dogma. don't be an asshole is the gist of it all.
rt onerightjoe: the left hates god and religion. they only worship at the alter of liberalism.
rt lbdecider: plymouthduster6 lindyli kimmangone this is religion in a nutshell right here. well done.
gillianmckeith wonder what religion has religious beliefs that are ok with the other 15ish mandatory vaccines for healthcare workers (depending on country), but not ok with this c19 one? seems very specific.
rashmi123412 same with me ...... that's the beauty of hindu religion ..... jo is janam me nahi ho saka ..agla janam hai na
it is important to distinguish church from religion. the church of jesus christ is not a religion and therefore not part of the over 4,000 world religions.
axelency aap got a huge majority of 67/70 seats in delhi in 2015 within 2.5years, 2013 they got 28/70 still big for a new party i got below image from someone, i have checked that it was tweeted by kejriwal on 7 oct 2017. yet in goa he is playing caste & religion based politics himself embeddedurl
gun rights advocates: “the second amendment is the one that can protect the rights guaranteed in the other amendments. michael flynn: we should have state religion. gun rights advocates: *cricket noises*
zubymusic i think it has a lot to do with religion. non-believers often have no moral compass.
ytyt36797730 this is exactly how much work he put into trying to understand religion before he wrote the god delusion. the fact that so many people lost faith after reading that submoronic rant-as-book told me there was a huge problem among modern christendom.
i come from an india where name of person tells everything about them - their gender (which is assumed), religion, caste, their views, justification on their views, level of hypocrisy, their class, their political inclination, respect they'll get, etc veerdas virdas twoindias
moonlluv77 it's not because is something related to our religion ( kaaba)
why do we fall into the trap of semantics. there is only one reality hindu dharma (not religion) that teaches people to nurture and protect the innocent and be fair to all. everything else is creative thinking intended to confuse the masses. jaihind vandemataram embeddedurl
reno time traveling reno timetravel daylightsavings dirty bass music religion bestfriends tonic lounge embeddedurl
meerasapra in india, people will find one way or another to bring religion and politics into everything and fight unnecessarily for it.
weber: religion, nation & empire by gkbhambra few sociologists deny weber's influence over the discipline. yet, his work did not address colonial histories. this is not just a matter of substance. it is also a matter of sociological method. :backhand_index_pointing_down_medium-dark_skin_tone: embeddedurl embeddedurl
stopworkplacebu i just got off the phone with eeocc a out being electronically persecuted everyday and she told me that it has to be a discrimination against my race, being a woman, and religion. hell it could be all three, but being assaulted with electronic weapons is played out. .
i am proud to belong to a religion which taught world both tolerance & universal acceptance. i am proud to belong to a nation which sheltered the persecuted & the refugees of all religions & all nations of earth. 𝐒𝐚𝐲 𝐰𝐢𝐭𝐡 𝐏𝐫𝐢𝐝𝐞 𝐈 𝐚𝐦 𝐚 𝐇𝐢𝐧𝐝𝐮 virdas :middle_finger_medium-light_skin_tone:
ayubwaghmare bro what you trying to prove with hindu hate agenda you hate rss, i also hate rss. but i don't hate any religion you hate hindus. again you are doing everything to avoid speaking for hindu players, and answer question asked to you. cuz it's not your agenda.
my father has a vast knowledge on most subjects, he has also been studying religion and philosophy very deeply. he also organizes politically and is a person of progressive modern ideals but i have seen him do things out of societal pressure as well
sandyshores27 c_stroop imtlhite bbonkbonkben divorcereligion you don’t need to believe in god to be a religious jew. you really going to argue that judaism is a philosophy and not a religion?
ckasyapasa kapoor_ranvijay for your kind information, i'm a proud hindu. and it's so sad that to justify your religion you are mentioning rituals of other religion. senseless! and you blind people can't see facts. climate change is a real thing and air quality is worst after the day of diwali.
tyrconnal dubcitycouncil just taking back our celtic winter solistice from the roman empire's state religion.
nativetainopr white supremacy is a feature of the southern baptist church, and their religion informs their politics. the sbc isn't the only guilty one, either. separation of church and state must be reinforced for this madness to end.
xxprettysmilexx i think you can say something about religion so you won’t have to take it lol
god gave you that talent/ability/feature, are you using it to preach the gospel? we all gone account one-day, don't forget that! jesus god holyspirit faith faithful photography instapic music grace pray christian praying amen believe religion urban embeddedurl
falconercaren good. you are doing more harm than good - sowing resentment within the church. i serve the risen christ who redeems and justifies sinners. your religion of racial privilege offers no forgiveness - only eternal penance.
thevirdas in my opinion thevirdas you encourage rape culture, you see what is on your mind. how dare you say that hindus are rapist. you linked rape with one religion. this is you and your hypocrisy virdas embeddedurl
aquietsnowfall anukulbansal for happy and peaceful living we should abolish caste,creed and religion barriers!
chaosangel96 noah_nonsense alexjonesbol nothing is funnier than chronically online atheists think they’ve debunked a 2000 year old religion.
knowledge w/o true biblical religion only produces more clever devil's.
i am contemptuous and hostile towards religion for the same reason i'm contemptuous and hostile towards war criminals, child abusers, sexual predators and murderers. but now i'm repeating myself.
krakoan4life unarguably the best telegram channel free thinker? love to discuss cutting-edge sides to life? religion and belief system? psychology? sex and sexuality? movie reviews?etc. so many real life topics and experiences to learn from. subscribe now :backhand_index_pointing_down_medium-dark_skin_tone: embeddedurl
hindusim is a religion and hindutva is the political ideology created by rss - bjp to target people of other faiths : 'salmannizami_ bjp attempts to dilute article 29 & 30 mandates that no discrimination would be done on the ground of religion, race, caste, language. embeddedurl
foxnews the elitist corporation has abandoned religion for world dominance creating their own religion.
in religion today, the sect of tyr was just established. they have told their acolytes to commit mugging as an act of devotion.
cnn religion is poison. atheist_bad
beautif92810879 notsodivinemsm msnbc i beklieve she is baha'i for her religion. i am also baha'i.
embeddedurl from talking in tongues to ‘divine faith’, could scott morrison’s religion be a liability? a senior liberal source told embeddedurl that mr morrison would be encouraged to downplay his deeply religious beliefs. embeddedurl
divyanshi from kota & her friend from jodhpur are posing with india's largestteapot brought from cambodia at lagravitea, on nov 17, 2021. india's 1st teapotmuseum. chai knows no religion, no age, no gender; make the most of your life, creating moments full of wonder. embeddedurl
hate crimes typically are crimes committed against people in regards to race, color, religion, or national origin, and some states include sexual orientation, gender identity, and disability. 2/10 embeddedurl
dakewl2 marajsupremacy thats why your mama dead. dead as hell. what religion does she practice ?
my grandmother tells me that religion is discipline. how's that? if it is, then why there's so many christians as assholes? and don't forget that a lot of muslims threatened people for leaving their religion.
swati_gs if a religion can't face its demons it can never reform.... that is true for all religions. islam sadly is among worst in this regard.
"crs is the only federal agency dedicated to working with community groups to resolve community conflicts and prevent and respond to alleged hate crimes arising from differences of race, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, or disability"
it used to be golden calves, god men caesar, fish and goat statues now it's colour, race, gender, sexuality the woke blm trans lgbtq movement is a religion and they are the gods and whoever does not bow down is prepared for a fiery furnace truth
fog brothers is playing r.e.m. — losing my religion — embeddedurl
gbnews for reference i don’t care what religion, ethnicity or gender is involved let’s find the lot of them, prosecute them and tell everyone on d wing what they did when they get prison time
out_of_touch nikhedonia11 lbc mrjamesob religion... ha ha what a load of rubbish
arizonacrusader what's democracy ? where does that unicorn live ? religion is the slave master of democracy.
rt s_1_n_3: this is a visual essay about facebook as a religion i did 7 years ago. embeddedurl
what do we do in our lives that we picked from our forefathers and/or society (in the name of religion) and still practice it today? what value does it add and more so, what harm does it do to others? //food for thought!
europarl_en everyone regardless of the gender,religion,class or color is entitled to humanrights & freedom,why are you focusing on only journalists leaving dictator museveni who is responsible for all the crimes against humanity?m7novmassacreug endimpunityug21 apacificieu eu_justice embeddedurl
atheistsread since there is no historical evidence whatsoever, anyone can think anything they want to about this matter. having a historical jesus is unimportant, as what counts is his conceptual character, the fictional one, giving moral and philosophical advices about religion and life...
seers have said it is an insult to hindu religion ramayanaexpress waiterssaffronuniform seersthreat odishabytesnews odishabytes embeddedurl
josianne_den marekrivers yveyveyve10 no only 30% no religion. 52% christian 18% other religion. that was 2016 we haven’t got the 2021 results yet.
jajaphd thelotachi johnadeseewo that’s another proof say religion na scam else e for don destroy every where the amount of incest knocking going on should a sane person think twice
ayannapressley ilhanmn islam is the religion of peace that leaves victims in pieces
prophetmuhammad said the religion (islam) is easy & whoever makes the religion a rigour it will overpower him so follow a middle route (in worship) if yu can't do this do something near to it & give glad tidings & seek help (of allah ) at morn & at dusk & some part of night
thechandracorp vidyadharnayak7 jaitrasimha imvkohli she belongs to the religion of money, how to celebrate eid would bring their career in hell by islamist and would face isolation and would lose the group of elitism for betraying wokism. it is all for the security of their career.
zuki_kizami mungojelly shift_observer scottphall44 svened85 mylegacykit eightyate bsvisrealbitco1 thejoelancaster axyco999 cyberat2600 skivetm fractalencrypt jronkain 4moonsettler durolink well said. move the coins and i’ll pay attention. till then they are just people knocking on my door selling some religion. fuck off.
corporatemach surprised? not really a new world religion with pope at the helm with sunday as family day & rest day for the environment in effort to combat climate change. with the oncoming disasters set to take place this will not be as hard as it seems right now. defiance won't be tolerated
bwooplanetearth no, i'm mostly into my religion so sorry, ask someone who's satanic/satanist.
telegraph uncrc article 2 the convention applies to every child without discrimination, whatever their ethnicity, sex, religion, language, abilities or any other status, whatever they think or say, whatever their family background. embeddedurl
sutina_tina ian_mckelvey this is exclusionary. your political peer pressure doesn’t create a safe space for students that are conservative and this kind of activism is inappropriate and akin to religion.
on the religion that resides in the mind, what do you do? poor slave is alive, he is the door of yama. except one supreme god, all the other sadhnas which are sitting in the mind will go to hell. छठ_पूजा_reality watch more visit sant rampal ji maharaj youtube embeddedurl
plant_based_ben agree. we need to realize they (elites and mandators) bait us into infighting with false and provoking messages. racism, religion, sex, vax/non vax, r vs d, anything they can do to keep us divided. divided we fall and “they” win
letsgorandom2 according to her line of logic, the mennonites and amish do not belong a legitimate religion. would you agree?
marston4ca42 most churches are simply political pacs these days, and their congregations are perfectly fine with that status. those who are actually there for religion, those like you, are few & far between these days.
thatsprissy but if i walked around asking every non believer why they not at church everytime i see them i’m forcing “my religion on them” please get out my face
priyamvadagopal mgnthetwin people who hate modi will never appreciate him no matter what and people who admire him will never critisise him. you all are divided in two categories, instead of this..start thinking criticallly. now a days,people choose their side ,their religion and rhen target them only
news: in july 2022, the uk will host an international conference to promote freedom of religion or belief for all. the uk is deeply concerned about the scale and severity of violations and abuses. this conference will drive forward global action to help protect this human right.
mydudebrady therandomshow1_ yeah she says “veganism is a religion” all the time
bad religion - frank ocean
ivotoniut the just the religion to their personal benefits and interests. the know some uneducated muslims would just agreed to whatever someone would say in the name of the prophet or qur'an.
bettybowers shesus__christ what would be the impact on religion if parents stopped indoctrinating their children during the magical thinking (preoperational) stage of development, which occurs between the ages of 2-7?
michael flynn demands ‘one religion under god’ at far right rally embeddedurl
sadiqkhan azeemrafiq30 there's are all forms of racism here's a few,colour,being a woman, a particular type of person, or man or woman,your religion,etc you know where i'm going here,but the point i'm trying to make is, if there's no respect ,then there's disrespect and disrespect is the real racism
my religion embeddedurl
_hudsonc i didn’t think the devil can rebuke in christ’ name?!? this is new. hey i guess ethiopia’s religion is evolving too.
going to hell in every religion embeddedurl
mikepompeo don’t worry, “woke” social racism is actually the new “religion”, so everything is ok.
in fact, the only mention of religion in the us constitution is in article vi -- to say that it's not important to becoming involved in the new nation: "...no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the united states."
insanatan iamanob76241101 nature4ver natureistruth nitesamurai eternaljjoy sprashant_k swapnaudayana nicefiddler birkhvishal freedoomer vijayavignesh drohshankar kiranmartis9 scimitar_ss dkgdelhi iknihcas0 paharipiyali mariawirth1 rita_banerji ngsukhlecha kmrmanish20 nimeshvirat soumyaranjand18 larryhert_10 yonsolitary deeeternalopt nehanotknown capt_amarinder jm_scindia vikramaditya_jk vikramadityainc vasundharabjp yashodhararaje awakenindiamvmt anujdhar chandrachurg nsitharaman in past 75 yrs, no new temple of the scale that kings built has been built with public money. even temple cities do not get public funds to preserve the milieu of sanatandharma. islam&christianity has 100s of nations which spend public money on their religion,none for hinduism
rt n8ter83: i hate your religion. i don't care what it is, and, yes, that includes atheists. just please shut up.
ronfilipkowski so much for freedom of religion. yeah, i knew they were pulling my leg!
“whilst the lecturer at queen’s university stood in front of the students and said the religion forces women like me to wear the headscarf, my dreams of being among likeminded folks were shattered. these weren’t my folks.” coumilah01 stunning piece. embeddedurl
hi, new followers! i'm a historian of religion in the usa writing about how contemporarychristianmusic shapes religion & public life & for fun i co-host weirdreligion, a religion & pop culture podcast that embraces weirdness and religiousness in tv, film, viral vids, and more. embeddedurl
“climate change” is the next religion of the marxist gods. embeddedurl
idowudyno jaypea55348805 kalpha7 washingtonpost have u had childhood vaccines? drs & med researchers helped u & others keep healthy. they prolonged our life spans. this isn't politcs or religion, this is survival. u can refuse the vaccine but u may not spread it, kill me, my community & ruin the economy
rt dynamiteatheist: and a religion was born embeddedurl
to label someone “atnkwadi based on their religion is absolutely wrong! colorstv biggboss15 take action against (simba) umarriaz justiceforumarriaz embeddedurl
rt heartfeltbot: sweetydas22 the blood on my teeth begins to taste like a poem, like religion, like the way you look at me.
rt yepmira: dennisispeasant i honestly don't care if you follow religion, just don't enforce religious structures
respected dhani dharamdas ji, dadudas, saint garibdas ji (haryana), founder of shikh religion (sikhism) guru nanav dev ji and many more are devotees are witnesses_of_godkabir . god kabir ( meets his pious souls in every era. more info embeddedurl
mantisgallery love حب surreal id collection love has no language, no religion. love is love everywhere at any time.embeddedurl opensea nft nfts nftcommunity nftart nftcollector cryptoart nftgram nftartist nftcollectors nftartists nftdrop metaverse
kellogsintheam michael flynn is a treasonous bitch and he damn sure won't be choosing my religion.
2 mohammeds - spread along the timeline 1400 years apart but still there is not much difference between their behavioural patterns!! when will we reform? when can islam become a religion worth being followed by human beings? embeddedurl
tvmohandaspai shekhargupta theprintindia do not surprice rajdeep barkha and karan will run programme on tv right article in newyork times amnesty will organize globe l seminar and protest left and cong mp will right to uno to intervene in totally autocratic gove dining right of other religion sc will form bunch judge
listen tomorrow do not talk to me about religion or politics. i’m okay if you don’t talk to me at all as long as you pass me the mash potatoes and the mac and cheese.
shaad_bajpe i am fully confident that it has nothing to do with sangh parivar or hindu muslim. you see every incident from the angle of religion.
ole time religion by b.b. king on soundcloud embeddedurl
healing childhoodtrauma is the greatest threat organized religion has ever faced. why? healing childhood trauma ends generationaltrauma & religion exists due to generational trauma. only a parent that never healed their own trauma, will inflict religion on a child. embeddedurl
lets admit that our religion ( christianity) has gone through a number of stages in its development to be where it is today.
kaushikcbasu who cares about economy or nation? all about the religion scaring people saying religion is in danger and get vote
thetimes i don’t understand why people believe a word about religion or homosexuality written or said by asylum applicants as they’re simply gaming the system. their applications should be declined due to false statements.
"cowering like settlers / on someone else's land" -bad religion
caste above religion? religious conversion does not change caste, says madras high court embeddedurl via timesofindia
jubinnautiyal really, music has no religion, language, great job by killy n neema
rw indians abused mohammad shami, attacking his religion, after india lost to pakistan. rw indians, thinking pakistanis would be mad at hassan ali, used his name to instigate shia pakistanis to think it's a faith related thing. pakistanis didn't bite. hassan ali was & is our hero
squirrel status: sir declan the joker is training their skill in religion - it was a failure (as of 11/27/2021 942 pm cst).
bursting firecrackers not matter of religion, let people breathe: gopal rai embeddedurl
religion serves as a guiding principle of individual and social life. it brings together communities and provides moral standpoint for behaviour for individuals within those communities. not marrying outside your religion might seem like intolerance but will you marry a criminal?
it’s ridiculous when religious people think only their beliefs matter. that’s not freedom of religion; that’s just being an asshole.
_jimmythatcher snookerbunnyy i personally know someone who committed suicide because of the indoctrination of their, very mainstream, christian church. yes, religion very much causes mental health problems.
rexchapman fbi freedom of and from religion. but this kook wants to force his religion on everyone else. cuz his is the true religion. religious people are psycho.
itsme_ericc midnightmass i liked midnight mass. it made some interesting choices and i think the last episode was nowhere near as good as the rest of the episodes. i actually like scary stuff steeped in religion.
the first step in destroying a people is to erase their memories. destroy its culture. religion. history. then create a new books. culture. religion. history. create a new nation for them. make them believe they had nothing before you come. create illusion & say its civilization
cop 26 day 2 the ' full ' religion message to the waste makers was not published it's a sin to waste energy
mieza1 cool. telemachus is a nice choice too. i asked because personally there's a few sequences of prose in that book that cater directly to my sensibilities. on my next full read of it, i want to account for all the religion and anti-religion in that book. should be interesting
muslims and islam are earths cancer, foul religion based on stupidity and ignorance. constant war and killing for centuries as are all religions, we need to rid the planet of all muslims and finally have peace on earth. embeddedurl
hcr: in 1785, madison explained the establishment of one religion over others attacked a fundamental human right of conscience. if lawmakers could destroy the right of freedom of conscience, they could destroy all other unalienable rights. separationofchurchandstate embeddedurl
congress stands for a united, progressive up, while bjp can never rise above religion, caste & hate mongering! ladkihoonladsaktihoon ladkihoonladsaktihoon ladkihoonladsaktihoon embeddedurl
tiderium007 katiegraffiti trem2303 britt_sycu gillianmckeith exactly, but i follow jesus christ and not religion, do you understand this?
state religion embeddedurl
religion takes many different forms... embeddedurl
eastcoastindia anthe 1. rice purchasing policy cheparu 2. petrol cess meda matladaru 3. china intrusion gurinchi noru medaparu 4. economic crisis ithe arthame cheskoru 5. entha sepu.. religion/anti ademe ra balaraju afg/pak endo me alochanalu!
rt sankarambur1: it is high time to start skits on other religion
secblinken barhamsalih makadhimi everyone regardless of the gender,religion, class or color is entitled to humanrights and freedom ,why are you so quiet on dictator museveni who has & continue to violate human rights ? we know museveni is your puppet but consider ugandan lives. ugandaisbleeding un hrw embeddedurl
so i’m home for a . whose going to amuse me you need to bow, then kneel and pray to the only religion you will need. god petite feet. you will cherish me, dream of me, honour my needs and rules. worship findom fetish embeddedurl
before religion, hunan kind was bound to doom! then religion na mafundisho yake yote ndo kamba ya kujiokoa... free will is take it or leave it!! kichwa kikubwa kuwaza huwezi
imrankhanpti we only want few thing from you , rule of law in the country and merit ...close down extra non productive ministries , ban imports no useless goods , ban the use of religion in political parties.
china forces young tibetans out of monasteries in qinghai the move threatens younger tibetans' connection to their religion and culture, some analysts say. embeddedurl
i would say no. i'd say humans have a predisposition towards faith/hope, which manifests in a number of ways, with religion being one. you remove that hope and the human mind struggles to operate. be it faith in the devine, a type of politics, life after death, it's all the same embeddedurl
loubnanouna1 lebanese have been raised to save their ass (excuse my french) on their own. either running away (immigrants) and build their careers abroad, or staying back home counting on their overseas support or head of their religion who depends on an external party to keep his power (1/2)
a person can believe in god without religion a sincere heart that seeks to know what god has sent down, would seek out the truth that is within religion. that is not to say that those that follow a particular religion are perfect at what the follow
youbhere1 thehankrose some people are psychologically prone to affiliating themselves with myth-based extremes. they engage in self-delusional extreme bias to suit this emotional need. some even swing from one political extreme (or religion or whatever) to another. even intelligent people.
autiger7222 julianyc422shaw mommad11471 i won't argue religion . it's your bible your choice .. and i have mine . and i said love thy neighbor. that is in my bible. true christians do not judge.
we have power to savelives through blood donation. if the blood group is the same and we're eligible to donate blood, no matter which religion or caste we belong to, we can save lives with it. millions of dss followers donate blood with saint dr. gurmeetramrahim ji's guidance. embeddedurl
rowdtxninthe432 jimrome he would never talk bad about his religion of masks and vaccinations
verse of the day. jesus god bibleverse christianmessage jesuschrist jesusfreak religion godsnotdead bible holy righteousness spiritual blessed christ emanuel christianblogger christianity christian christianlife... embeddedurl
ambrosia_omg well, one theory is that god will judge you based on your knowledge of good and evil - only what you have been exposed to. so even if you grew up in a different religion and never been exposed to christianity, you'll be judged based on the system of beliefs you know.
patricia344130 glinch2_mc mailonline bit of a stretch to call a bloke who prbably believes in a mythical deity, a 'charlatan'. that's the whole premise of all organised religion - it's all fraud!
skygroup cop26 you can get royally stuffed. the last thing we need is a new religion from morally pious money-makers. cop26
galseattle repmtg repmattgaetz replouiegohmert mayorbowser repgosar who’s angry? i’m merely pointing out that you’re a hypocrite and troll and are a disgrace to your religion and profession. but you do you. you’ve probably been responsible for the deaths of covid victims because of your anti-vax stance but you’ll have to live with that.
anchoragepress greggwoodard a) the “wall of separation” is not in the constitution b) churches used as a meeting place is a service that is valuable to the community. i’m sure anyone is invited who wishes to attend this is in no way an “establishment” of religion and you should know better
pussyocean nigeria are brainwashed, they attach every little thing to religion ! my people get sense please
want2game religion was invented when the first con man met the first fool. -mark twain
therainiac iwantcoinnews cryptowizardd tell you what. before you accuse islam of being sexist try to read more about the religion. if anything women in islam has a higher degree than the men. we can’t even hit women unless it’s our own wives, and even then only with a small stick and it’s not allowed to hurt.
my religion id nfts. nftartists nftcommmunity
stevek3384 breezeoftruth12 noellenarwhal deeppisslore elfskin7 expelincels amanda_pompili simplerizzen unclebill1985 mrswinstonsmit1 avagracevip nahnahnikki bleakachu_ slevemcdichal namebunchofnos shotgunrain5746 traeaccount bigg17507257 weissbierpanzer 23cmnails mgtowradical biddycross athenapandora7 kfcgodfather alexjohnsonfry1 octaroona gameoverros 1275oz joy_afi pissbabymorgan singingdogz tinfoilawards jumbotestes ezrigen meghanttucker thepopularrevo1 conejotxmx fabulousabbey lilthaonguyen mastermorgan317 poisonoustea missmiaow007 justfreedom1776 millerhill101 3nigmatic_01 valyrianrose welllookathat fusrohdah _falsezero alt_uscbp and also, if you’ve only had sex with one person, and you don’t even value your own orgasm because patriachal religion has told you it doesn’t matter or serve a purpose: you’re going to say lousy sex is good, you don’t know any better
if you’re curious about life, if you wonder about the limits of the universe and your place within in it, if you've contemplated the inevitability of your mortality but are not convinced by organised religion, this book might be for you... embeddedurl
lyoray barefoot in the kitchen, sacred new beginnings that became my religion
washingtonpost good everyone should say it's against their religion
"religion is fundamentally opposed to everything i hold in veneration - courage, clear thinking, honesty, fairness, and, above all, the love of truth. it brief, it is a fraud." - h. l. mencken (1880-1956) embeddedurl
meateatersviolate_lawofgod kabir parmeshwar has addressed the one who eats meat as hed and the one who consumes alcohol as low. and the one who worships ram/parmatma has been described as the best. be it a person of any caste or religion. watch daily on sadhna tv from embeddedurl
we're accepting academic commissions ― light & non-rush due nov. 8 onwards! :lf legit commissioner pagawa powerpoint presentation infographics editing concept map film movie analysis essay reaction reflection critique paper literary world religion related essay filipino module
mendonttweet wil_da_beast630 you don't understand. a jew cannot violate the sabbath for work. it's against our religion.
guys if the 15 y/o queer leftist thinks you can't teach your religion to your children, who are we to argue? surely this must be an unbiased, objective and rational opinion from a mentally mature individual embeddedurl
meet the november 2021 klyes student of the month, fatimah! of all her accomplishments on program, fatimah says her greatest achievements are staying true to herself, her libyan culture, and her religion. read more: embeddedurl ecaatstate ayusa amideasthq embeddedurl
i'm not dangerous i haven't done anything to you you're the one harassing me because i'm religious i'm not proselytizing my religion onto other people i'm not a christian or a muslim or anything else that you should be complaining about leave me out of it. embeddedurl
askview11 they might be cia field agents who have come in the name of "religion" to wage info war against ethiopia or carry out covert operations. never trust them for a bit. we should learn about their interests & intentions. we should be very vigilant! nomore ethiopia will win.
suryahsg realha55an imrankhanpti based on the pics of pakistani players praying, he is not shia. where did u get that? so to balance shami attacks based on religion in india, u want to just create a story? pathetic human being...
pervexists69 will they kick you out if you don't believe exactly as they do? i realize it's common attitude toward religion, but i want to push back against it. religion shouldn't be about ticking the right belief-boxes. that idea is a historical aberration fostered by christian apologists
anbezhil12 hindu religion is a combination of saivites,vaishnavites, also jain,buddhists and sikhs. there are castes within that. every one has their own tradition and sampradaya. but at times of threat collectively we unite as hindus. there is no uniform civil code for hindus.
"the holy word of god is on everyone's lips...but...we see almost everyone presenting their own versions of god's word, with the sole purpose of using religion as a pretext for making others think as they do." -- dutch philosopher baruchspinoza, born otd in amsterdam (1632-1677) embeddedurl
universal religion theory will encompass and create an single religion that is fair and equal for every human to follow.
masood2807 adityajhala9 please drink camel mutra too much it's good for your religion embeddedurl
i like when i was starting to question if i was asexual i didn't think more about how as an early teen i'd say stuff like 'i'd willingly become a nun if i believed in religion, it's free room and board!' or how the appeal of getting married to me was fancy clothes and a vacation
europarl_en everyone regardless of the gender,religion,class or color is entitled to humanrights & freedom,why are you focusing on only journalists leaving dictator museveni who is responsible for all the crimes against humanity?m7novmassacreug endimpunityug21 apacificieu eu_justice embeddedurl
dan_smackroyd ggay420 cindy5256 whole_in_0ne cernovich lol. you can't answer my question. you know why, because it isn't science. it requires *faith* to believe in evolution. it's a religion.
philipccphilip aalapshukla skipper_93 ani art is one and traditions are another.. and what u show here on the portraits that’s not tradition. that’s portraits built by kings.. who didn’t see porn in these artwork.. if the ad was with a headwear of a religion do u think it wud b absolutely no..
"with or without religion, good people can behave well and bad people can do evil; but for good people to do evil - that takes religion." -steven weinberg
thanks to ariannw, veghistory, and others who spoke to me for this article! great fun with the kind of science and religion issue that's often unrecognized
yak what sick and perverted mentality prevails in this religion.... embeddedurl
bronzemoto it's a religion to them. they sincerely believe it is unethical to eat any animal products.
in a country where cricket is next to religion, and where billions dream of raising the bat one day in front of a full-packed screaming stadium in the blue jersey, can you imagine how difficult it is to become a part of the dream 11? the odds are one in a billion.
imam muhammad baqir (a.s) says: "by allah! even if a stone befriends us, allah will raise it with us (in qiyamat). is religion anything exceptfriendship and hatred?" -bihar al-anwar. -greater sins, vol 3, chp 39. pg 107 embeddedurl
that’s my opinion of religion as well iain. embeddedurl
the apocalyptic thought leader poured poison into the ears of the low information voters for over 30 years. only religion and republicans could lead god's people out of the democrat/progressive created hellscape america had become. embeddedurl embeddedurl
this is really a religion and a fundamentalist one at that. their minds are made up. they can’t even see that rising gasoline prices are a serious problem for most people. psaki progressives democrats embeddedurl
thomasforth you could build a religion out of the ineffable nature of uk transport policy decisions. embeddedurl
rt charlisecrets1: how do you see when they call you by your religion like ,mukatukii
joeblog04889718 smartassicus fake_rwhyde because it's supposed to be a secular nation with clear divisions between governance and religion.
jedidave74 telegraphworld no one cares rianjohnson just sip your alien nipple milk and stop commenting on religion.
72michiganpapa isn't the christian religion one of the most destructive one around. how much killing was done in the name of our christian god?
cal_but_meh realfakewriter mavrickzoo very true. however i don't care for religion in the slightest. i don't judge those who are religious, but i want no part of it. as far as zoo goes, maybe everyone would be happier if they just stayed in their own lane. is telling people you don't like that they're monsters (1)
browngirlvin what about river of blood created globally by o e religion and meat eating habits that cause 90 percent of of emissions
join the dba diversity issues section and presenter myla cardona-jones esq. on 11/30 for this one-hr professional conduct cle on the topic of race, sex, religion and other personal characteristics where bias exists in the legal profession. register! embeddedurl embeddedurl
brynntannehill thank goodness for the revelations of the new cosmology and physics. for over a century, since planck or schrodinger, we've discovered an interconnection and entanglement of all things, no true separation. science unites (sometimes). religion always divides.
thinkingatheist religion no, but a ufo sex cult could be fun.
oh and which “religion” would that be? please let flynn & stone be embeddedurl
rt elektrotal: i hope the next sentence was 'and that religion is zurvanism'
johnfugelsang help me out john. what does conservative christian mean? does it mean the person is conservative with christianity? does it mean they drag politics into religion and place politics before their faith? what does conservatism in any form have to do with the teachings of jesus?
the fundamental aim of the indian constitution is to create a new democratic india that guarantees justice, liberty, equality, fraternity by eradicating discrimination, supremacy,oppression, exploitation in the name of caste, religion, language, ethnicity & sex. constitutionday embeddedurl
rrwfort jjauthor gatewaypundit the facist/marxist democrats seek to control america's oil to drive americans from combustion engines (cars & trucks) to their religion of environmentalism. our earth is too young to be at the point of extinction! trump 2024! embeddedurl
meghbulletin what is shocking is the lack of media coverage of this murder most foul. it is almost like, the victim is from the rss. so, he deserved it, sanjith belonged to the wrong religion. has he belonged to another drop, it would have made international headlines
mindcaviar ronfilipkowski wait till you hear law is indistinguishable from religion - where do laws come from and why do they hold meaning beyond that they’re stories we tell ourselves? don’t calculate your words too much or it becomes an eye roll
mepratap dvsadanandgowda tejasvi_surya these mps are only good to wish birthday greetings & post these videos & photos of functions at delhi or any controversy wrt religion. they never went beyond their known comfort zone to convey modi's 3 farm laws.
dougalder samukuukka “a , that in time of dressing, one of these when they held a piece of raw flesh at a distance from the sore, the wolf peeps out, discovering his ” interesting piece on religion, medicine and early science embeddedurl
respected dhani dharamdas ji, dadudas, saint garibdas ji (haryana), founder of shikh religion (sikhism) guru nanav dev ji and many more are devotees are witnesses_of_godkabir . god kabir ( saintrampaljim meets his pious souls in every era. more info visit satlok ashram youtube. embeddedurl
hollymathnerd she_brings_joy nit: it seems perfectly possible to be a religious atheist. whatever practices you do to make yourself more saintly constitute religion.
doesn't care about what's true, or if people use reliable methods to determine that. and if some get killed for sodomy on the way, well, eh you break a few eggs right?!?!?! the thing is, what's the next big harm to come out of religion? oh right, it was vaccine denial. :/ embeddedurl
rt pkotekar: our religion. we are proud of. it's sanatan dharma. vasudaiva kutumbakam. watch, and share. embeddedurl
pereubutoo berniesanders my theory- average voter is an idiot and democracy is a sham- now and then they need a strong leader to guide which is a rare occasions-usually they are manipulated by crook politicians in the name of race, religion and socialism by creating fear and making it us vs them
ronfilipkowski which religion will we choose. wiccan, pagan, islamic, mormon, mennonites, hindu, shamanism. taoism, etc.
we put too much stock in remaining in relationships that never/no longer serve us well. there are so many forms of abuse tied up in being “in love” with someone. idc about your religion either. i’ve seen too much and know all too well who suffers the most, and who never changes.
madfreakspride louisbrunel998 igorthiriez my point was and is that people believing in antipsychiatry are a diverse lot and scientology (s)is a powerful antipsychiatry organisation* which opposes both psy treatment and psy diagnosis. i neither belong to s nor work for it. *or religion depending on the countries.
rt mwat56: about the authoritarian trans-religion's propaganda lie of being the most vulnerable minority. embeddedurl
hire us for quality; ✓religion homework spss ✓algebra proposals agriculture exams articles final exams physics chemistry mechanics english maths essays mba history geography assignments due statistics english engineering case study lab report text/call +1 (469) 270-7118 embeddedurl
umat islam di indonesia mah rata-rata emang cringe pisan, boy. nonsense. bawa-bawa agama, tapi glbk. dibilang gblk, bilang dia terzalimi. istigfar hey. astagfirullah gitu. one magic word from our religion to cancel all the sins. embeddedurl
rt janeclarejones: you are a heretic to not believe the religion and you are a heretic if you call it a religion.
preetbharara and anyone who isn't whatever religion he happens to subscribe to.... and i'm worried that it involves worshipping a golden image of trump.
i really need to start taking religion seriously
sushi_roll321 born and raised in an extreme republican community- it’s like religion the amount of indoctrination one is subjected to in some communities is unavoidable-
wasleey_ng h_hicc phililekhoza355 goldenmazinyo your own quran calls the torah and bible the true words from allah and that the christians and jews should uphold them. if what the bible says is false, then islam is promoting a “false religion”, making it a false religion as well.
i loooove this part so much midnight mass is about death at first !!! and then religion embeddedurl
anand108108 denniscricket_ what about you people are doing with mdshami11 . what kind of love it is , if you not saying it hate..?? this is what you people are , and always doing this in the name of religion.
holzmantweed m1ssberyl what did? that they were already criticizing organized religion wholesale for their bigotry? embeddedurl
hemantmehta sin does not exist outside mythology. lawlessness exists, but sin and sinners are made up to fit the lunacy of religion.
__bertelli i respect if someone doesn’t want to get it but lying to avoid it is what i don’t respect. that’s like not complying with your works dress code. if you don’t like the rules they put in place, find a new job. it’s really that simple. buy lying about a religion? that’s disgusting
religion already has a chokehold on ghana. what do we have to show for it? embeddedurl
billcobleigh whentron pope pius showed us how quickly & effortlessly organized religion can seamlessly blend right in with fascism. mind you local catholic lay-people, nuns & priests helped the resistance & were executed because, unlike the church leaders who were politicians w collars, they cared.
bigskycountry8 zubymusic we are in a spiritual battle and these are the end times. look around at everything that’s going on. jesus is the answer. not church. not organized religion. seek him. it will change your life.
if you are helping to kill a life on the name of religion , one day you are your love ones will also pay the price stopreligiousextremism
listen, i don't care if you hate religion or if you're atheist, but you don't have to be disrespectful to the people who are religious. it's not that hard to be kind
ahmed geelani and ravindra kumar mishra. “when i go for namaaz, i leave my shop under pandit-ji's care. if you want a solution for today's problems, come and meet us.” friendship is beyond cast, creed, religion, race and this story sets that in stone. embeddedurl
ernspigerx nothing like living in the south and constantly having religion in your face. i especially like (and by that i mean hate) the thank you jesus signs in people’s yards.
actbrigitte you want to suppress my freedom from religion. sit your ass down.
kate religion embeddedurl
til the salvation army is not a charity it's a religion.
this... is not in our history books, although, the topic of "religion in ancient india" is present. why historians just keep guessing about the religion of harapans, kalibangan, india valley civilization. why the theory of aryan invasion.. why.. history needs to be rectified. embeddedurl
and politics and religion are very powerful in our society, but they both are like the worst of social society. we ain't gonna advance with today's religion and politics.
starthrower68 rwmalonemd religion is just another ideology, but you're right that communism and it's variants have caused more suffering and death than any other ideology.
bairdjulia imagine a government that is arguing for a law that surely must directly conflict with the constitution by imposing the beliefs of a religion on people who may not share that religion. embeddedurl
jay34595865 yes. i’m very spiritual, but organized religion has little, if anything, to do with g-d. it’s an abomination for the most part. much of the leadership is corrupt and the lies being told...don’t even get me started.
people are afraid to use their brains when it comes to matters regarding religion.
religion believes science has no heart. science thinks religion has no brain. we have a beautiful opportunity to create a new generation of spiritual scientists who can bring these two worlds together iamspiritual love life peace ascension ethyrica embeddedurl
europarl_en everyone regardless of the gender,religion,class or color is entitled to humanrights & freedom,why are you focusing on only journalists leaving dictator museveni who is responsible for all the crimes against humanity?m7novmassacreug endimpunityug21 apacificieu eu_justice embeddedurl
zaynskissies only appropriate thing to do in religion class tbh
one religion? embeddedurl
washingtonpost it was a racist black nationalist of a non-christian religion who hated white people. let me be honest here. jesus is 1. all other religions are of false gods.
discover magic in the form of terracotta and a lot more splendor in the temple town of bengal. bishnupur terracotta templetown bengal tourism experiencebengal bengaltourism westbengaltourism travel royalty religion departmentoftourismwestbengal embeddedurl
khush_09879 kashmirirefuge delhipolice & y u people always talk nonsense. & compare evrything vid religion. i m also a hindu & i m well aware of d conseq. of pollution & i know ,u also know. talking about pollutn daz not make me less hindu. & i m a pure vegetarian there4 i do hve problm vid animal's slaughtering.
primalpoly if the teacher inquisition is teaching something unrelated to politics and religion (ie.math) then it is fine. if the teacher is teaching something that is closely tied to politics or religion (ie. history), then civil discourse of that topic should be mandatory.
bluenobby why is islam protected snd not shown up fir the religion it is based on fear hatred and righteous conceit . embeddedurl
rowdyrabbis what religion is this? i'm tryna join
tedcruz what religion opposes vaccination?
lloydelwell alisaisil candle_finder momofish1984 potus to someone who follows solomonyue, who claims 14.5 million missing mobile phones were found in 1 wuhan (a city with 11 million population) crematorium, is simply stupid and evil your action of spreading disinformation is a disgrace to your religion, a disgrace to humanity.
not everyone is jehovah’s witness. this false religionis brought to your doorsteptime and time again. these blind guidescan’t see that god’s true witnesses are the children of israel! embeddedurl like:thumbs_up_medium-dark_skin_tone: share subscribe embeddedurl embeddedurl
the freedom blog: god beyond religion: miracles, the miraculous, fai... embeddedurl
corymillsfl ryanafournier dems values are based off of green greed & money. our values are based off of our religion.
is religion encashing the secular state, or secular state encashing the religion, if we put aside the appeasement part? embeddedurl
mi himno mi religion thesong butter pcas bts_twt embeddedurl
0atmilklvr that’s to find out what religion/background you come from
according to her religion she couldn’t befriend non-witnesses, she fucking married one boy
chinasanworu secblinken real_ipobdos unwatch one nigeria is fraud, this kind of killings can only happen in s / east. why can't nigeria government apply such force against terrorist in the north? no they won't because they are of the same ethnicity and the same religion.
legalpatriotone tobichwan rollertumbl muffins231 kristenbarbar it's useless as a weapon. this is the purpose most christians wield their religion for. in line with the taliban and isis...very evolved all of you
thevirdas you targetted hindus dude. no other religion worships females. so people who do not worship females do not gang rpe as per your logic and comedy. you trivialise serious issues like gang rpe and generalise entire hindu population!
hindus do gather in large numbers in temples across the country, but they lack the necessity of owing their allegiance to their religion as 'hindus', because most of them are yet to become politically conscious, like christians and muslims. caste divisions are the culprit. embeddedurl
secblinken barhamsalih makadhimi everyone regardless of the gender,religion, class or color is entitled to humanrights and freedom ,why are you so quiet on dictator museveni who has & continue to violate human rights ? we know museveni is your puppet but consider ugandan lives. ugandaisbleeding un hrw embeddedurl
ronfilipkowski the kinds of churches which would support mike flynn's attempted takeover of the u. s. are in this for the money and power, not christian values. i thought these people supported the constitution. apparently they pick and choose, just like they do with religion.
tribelaw ummmmm no one and i do mean no one is going to make me believe in a religion if i don't!!! you'll have to fight me and i won't surrender easy,you just might have to kill me!!!
but there was halal board in dyfi protest...! rw is protesting against halal not against pork...! so sad to see religion in food...! embeddedurl embeddedurl
were addressed . these religion sellers neither cared for islam nor quran & worked as slaves as british were their qaxis & muftis. the british did islam a good turn by recording the names and addresses of these mullahs. there were twenty-four mullahs from the peshawar
whytheer hhepplewhite why do those people of a certain religion,practiced in iraq and somalia want to come to a christian country? why not indonesia, pakistan etc? there are over 30 countries where islam is the 90% religion. am i missing something?
islam is a religion like any other so it is not a race . embeddedurl
rt kabottar: jacksonsikimay wazo_animated sismi27 religion_atr sikicreative malweezy_jr thanks for your support. much appreciated
3 days to go! see you there! talk on religious tolerance “god does not forbid you from being good to those who have not fought you in the religion or driven you from your homes, or from being just towards them. god loves those who are just.” (surah al-mumtahanah; 8) embeddedurl
3 do you really think a god who's representatives preached, love, peace and equality would tell you it's ok to kill complete strangers ? 4 do you think i'm evil because i favour science over religion ? 5 do you drink tea ? 6 how much do you value the opinions of females
eigenrobot pegobry noholyscripture i still think 'religion' is applicable because it emphasizes the importance of the behaviors and adherence to rules 'fideism' as a term is more about the belief itself apart from any structure
respected dhani dharamdas ji, dadudas, saint garibdas ji (haryana), founder of shikh religion (sikhism) guru nanav dev ji and many more are devotees are witnesses_of_godkabir . god kabir saint rampal ji maharaj ji meets his pious souls in every era. must watch sadhna tv-7:30 pm embeddedurl
makhijasukriti girlpilot_ midhatkidwai unsubtledesi some one slips into my room in my various debates or rooms where i allow everyone entry when and then goes into another room and vilifies every possible religion and women and abuses every god.. or create a room which does that, some one screenshots him being present in the cont
alkaiosharry avischarf yes they were colonized, but those were greeks who converted to islam so therefore they still belong on the land, doesn't matter what religion they are.
sanatan29044075 sevakmasih danielbsingh1 hansrajroy sowutlol r_i_p_s_a_w itamarati5 dharma_4_u baljit_tweets hindu977 brethrenindia ravindr95654884 dutta_anilk jose2ss aatma_the_soull hmmmm123456678 victoryvox ashishalexander you have no choice left but to repeat my words because your religion hasn’t got anything good to get people out of their darkness . jesus christ is the only way, the truth and the life !
sridhar0520 politicrooks modi and his ministers should start a new religion or join christian missionaries or some other where preaching is full time job. all they do all the time is preaching and giving excuses and blaming someone else.
scottwalker god is not in the constitution you need to keep your 🅼🅵🅶🅳 religion out of our 🅶🅳 uterus the role of government has nothing to do with fucking religion not one 🅵 bit
catherine___c disgraceful to say the i don’t expect dom bring his religion into he’s job, but morals are a must.. so what would jesus say about making life a little tuff a month out of xmas for the we’re all gods children- we are all equal :folded_hands_medium-light_skin_tone:
one side claiming jais disrespect his human rights, but did you all know that this person disrespect the entire religion.
this orientalist discourse has increasingly been employed for decades by non-arab western-oriented seculars and nationalists (!) in muslim societies to disprove the authenticity of the religion and tradition of islam, and hence the muslim identity of their people. embeddedurl
if team ownership is holding 35% of the total supply: run. if the use case is on god and religion: run. if there's anything like "by the grace god" in the whitepaper: run. note: anybody can create a coin, rug pull everybody and remove liquidity. else, it will echoke una
eu seeks to block political ads that target people's ethnicity or religion. (engadget) socialmedia politics embeddedurl embeddedurl
we condemned michael flynn's dangerous and hateful remarks at a far-right rally that "we have to have one religion" in america. his un-american and un-democratic comments threaten all religious minorities in the u.s. read more in jtanews. embeddedurl
at this stage in my life all i can do it let you go with some modicum of grace. you cannot use the religion that i was raised in to manipulate me into anything. no one should expect to be able to do that.
ms_absane this is the biggest lie anyone can tell themselves sha. every major religion has loopholes. that's why can easily be used to perpetuate evil.
i aziz buneri being a proud pakistani, warmly welcome our sikh brothers from india, to attend the ceremonial celebrations organised by pak govt, at kartarpur on their special eve. pakistanis respect every religion, ethnicity, and race. kartarpurspirit weteamlsp_
according to "mr. charles clarke", an astrologer from america, before the end of 20th century, one country, india, would overcome all other countries in the field of science, but the fame of india would be specifically from her religion and philosophy. आखिर_कौन_है_मुक्तिदाता embeddedurl
seamuscmacaoidh church calendar from a reformed and catholic understanding should be no issue at all. kneeling is, if properly understood, nothing more than a reverent ceremony. to pose calvin’s question: is religion found in the bending of a knee? no.
kneferhetep sure, we will do things to make things better. we have been doing so on a large scale since the inception of our religion and even now. as for other religions, not so sure about that since they don’t seem to be cleaning up their act in any way shape or form
pawley_robert burgerlab12 openparachute andersjonita barryjohnreid21 tierrahenson xx202qxx mdrisette mcfunny chrisjohnsonmd maureenstroud jennife40357371 adevotedyogi mitstax bebert701 andylumm jsaholmes unclebuckj bill20538001 kathmarval markmcdougall13 nyob7714 wjack76995 browningneelyn kayvonpaul alex_on_a14 wendyorent ghoppe will_holliday1 nateweymouth fineandbrennan johnbee888 carlsmythe itsalllies1 adreyzen rtheatheist biovisionary rodfair2 dekkplans kamasse81 jamesgordon4th dontmes70957787 jenni86587557 sassygirld1 saltaovladimir jhan2qt nycweatherrepor michell69397997 lizditz takethatcdc q religion? what are the tenets? (or is this just more dismissiveness to debase those you disagree with?)
msheatheroliver idontblog while catholic school turned me off of religion my mum knowing and accepting that i had an abortion made me believe that there are good religious people out there. overall i think good people are good people and that’s kind of it. but the zealots scare me.
hrc "race, ethnicity, language, religion, culture, gender expression, sexual orientation and gender identity should never be barriers to us living our full lives." but not sex?
sapphire_wiccan kieranbirse2 filmupdates in fact, this films are like religion. and guess what who the people who believed more in religion back in day were? uneducated people. and this hasn't changed. just jesus changing name.
fadilnazih michalsabra wow. thank you for explaining judaism to jews. we never knew... omg stop co-opting our religion and making crap up please. it's insane. stop it. we are notyourdhimmis
ilhanmn let me see you incestuous married your brother. you cheated on your husband. you've stolen from the taxpayers by misappropriation of money. your own religion would stone you! but they don't mind if you can be used to further their own cause! you are disgusting!
"actually, the highest act of sanctity that you can do in religion is worshipping god." — brother eli soriano, "when is baptism invalid and inauthentic?" embeddedurl whatthebiblesays discoverthebible embeddedurl
what i do not like about religion in one idea, religions as a group are “conspiracy theories of reality,” usually filled with pseudoscience, pseudohistory, along with pseudomorality, and other harmful aspects.
it also helped in bridging the class, religion and caste divides. it bridged the class divide as the rich felt that they were spinning for our sakes. it invited a feeling of generosity and kindness. ↓
auspol hard to look at - children there too. australia has been changed so much since abbott slithered into office - on the back of vile treatment of our very intelligent first female p.m. religion should be kept out of politics not become stacked with them. embeddedurl
diamondlynne1 words for god belief, i like 'nonbeliever'. and, it shouldn't be just non-belief in gods, but non-belief in the supernatural. lennon put it nicely, "imagine there's no heaven..no religion too." the monotheists are delusional, schizo for sure. grog
tvmohandaspai amitshah pushpendrakuls4 aranganathan72 abhijitmajumder shefvaidya are all silent on this but were happy to pollute the environment to save hindu culture. i had such high regards for all! feel so let down that hindu bring a pagan religion doesn't care for environment?
in praise of poorly-lit churches: 'over much light doth disperse cogitations, whereas in dimme and doubtful light they be gathered together, and more earnestly fixed on religion and devotion..' r.t. de templis (1638)
catturd2 it's part of their evil religion, they have to flip everything, i'm sure you know what i'm talking about
kevinsixx13 they are part of americas problems but the real root as for all countries is selfish humans governing selfish humans. supremacy, slavery, and religion are just tools or justification those selfish humans use.
if the foreign agent and traitor michael flynn really wants just one religion in this country, i'm against that. my bid is "zero religions". but i have a compromise proposal ready: embeddedurl
zaibunni_ it’s forbidden to have a pet dog bc of my religion it’s haram-
samuelvmarburg latafiolesucree morrishhugh richarddawkins hate speech noun "abusive or threatening speech or writing that expresses prejudice against a particular group, especially on the basis of race, religion, or sexual orientation." this is the only definition i know of for it. i assume this is the one you found as well
yoongi in a beret is my religion
religion thrives in underprivileged communities & countries due to the promise of equality & reward for suffering - after death, of course. if all humans were educated & wealth distributed fairly, there would be less need for such fantasy. helpeachother normalizesecularhumanism
this is a right good monday morning craic. new ep out today with the great tim_mc_garry - one of the nicest fellas in the business. comedy, politics, religion and kindness. lots of kindness: embeddedurl podpeopleuk humanists_uk bbcnireland podcast newepisode embeddedurl
ranaayyub madam i will organise standup stage for him, but please tell him to make comedy on his religion-if need any help for finding topics on his religion then happy to share with you/him,but don't play victim card always. by your god your all sins is in under counting
robbibobbi22 leightonjenkins comparing scientific method and religion....good call. didnt darwin have a similar clash when promoting ridiculous idea of evolution; maybe that was a hoax too!!
2/2 the ummah is advised to remain attached to the religion of islam, in which lies the secret of success in this world and the hereafter. amin_sitamarhi riyazul_haq3 hanfi_akhtar salmanhanafi63 smuslim_
we decided to create new religion in the world embeddedurl
sunandavashisht i think fascim is out i live will an indian school teacher fo 17 year's. your religion is to far strong. superior than muslims religion. i have lived with both: even to an x catholic nun anne hulland. ect ect al around europe i have been around the block a little nhs
secblinken barhamsalih makadhimi everyone regardless of the gender,religion, class or color is entitled to humanrights and freedom ,why are you so quiet on dictator museveni who has & continue to violate human rights ? we know museveni is your puppet but consider ugandan lives. ugandaisbleeding un hrw embeddedurl
you come from an india of ambedkar's dream, yet you do religion politics, an india, whom you are destroying day by day in the name of patriotism and fake nationalism, an india of gandhi's ideology, yet you glorify ghodse and savarkar. embeddedurl
dear pm, there are a lot of australians who will 'look over their shoulders' or wake up terrified many nights a week because of what was done to them in the name of religion. where is your concern for us? but sure, act out of self interest again & legalise discrimination auspol embeddedurl
72 miles from the sea: i always come out in a rash embeddedurl christmas2021 christmascountdown2021 christmas2021 christmasiscoming religion religious spiritual christmascountdown christmas christmasrefresh christmasgifts seasonsgreetings makingmerry
scrymnstrs jamesfwells devisridhar obvs because it questions the absurdity of the covid religion and that's not allowed.
tarajeanne2 troyyou60823102 i understand that may sound justifiable, but that is my point exactly. she doesn't need to justify her religion, beliefs, doctrine or perceptions of her religion. this really is a matter of personal autonomy with religion as the defense.
secblinken barhamsalih makadhimi everyone regardless of the gender,religion, class or color is entitled to humanrights and freedom ,why are you so quiet on dictator museveni who has & continue to violate human rights ? we know museveni is your puppet but consider ugandan lives. ugandaisbleeding un hrw embeddedurl
_baazdrame_ sanasaeeed seckermani that's equally condemnable and heinous. and i don't give a fuck about any religion. you are all the same fundamentalists, extremists, hindu or muslim.
governance is the second most important issue in the current time. more important than taxes, healthcare, or religion. (only climate change is more important, and we may need to fix governance to fix that, so...) embeddedurl
day 149. i have just “finessed” a religion essay :) embeddedurl
it's a lifestyle, a religion embeddedurl
angrybklynmom this is why i abandoned religion. i will not be dictated by group rules on what is considered acceptable or not. and the shaming and bullying is a hallmark of cult behaviour. adults can do as they wish, take it, not take it. and i really don't care what their reasons are.
tha older females n my blood let tht ‘angry black woman’ pysop seep n2 their bones/ears didnt share nun of tht pass ions w their womb man or kids {reserved it 4 religion jobs & secrets} became sick w kidney disease/bad knees
kashmantv man same 1) look at that little goblin junior, gonna cry? 2) i miss the part where that's my problem 3) i'm gonna put some dirt in your eye 4) how'd that get in there? 5) see ya chump! 6) that's a cute outfit, did your husband give it to you? 7) you want forgiveness? get religion
spencermagne one of my cousins in england use to rave about the indians helping to elect thatcher. only india,the most racist country,has a religion that calls their own people “untouchable.”
rt weebartexe: “i can be your new religion~” kin mhaoc embeddedurl
this is utter rubbish. you can't associate one's liking for someone with religion!! ghosh this mentality.:woman_facepalming_medium-light_skin_tone: tejran embeddedurl
general michael flynn wants one religion in america..is there any doubt how he treated muslims, jews, buddhists, etc, under his command....how long will the army allow him to be call general...they knew this about him and still gave him 3 stars...and still allow him that honor..
religion. fiction. art. music. they all contained, even in their incoherent and phantasmagoric forms, the seeds of wonder, of grief, of beauty, of devotion, of rage, of fear. they all held the secrets of life and the terrors of the gods.
presidencyza cyrilramaphosa is freedom of religion a crime in sa? if not, why did you send joburgmpd to attack and arrest pastormukhuba on 28 february 2021 for conducting a peaceful service and worshipping her god? the apartheid regime was far better! justiceforpastormukhuba embeddedurl
ryansgriffiths kevinzollman he felt more comfortable in his life writing on religion less directly and letting readers infer the jucier parts - e.g, "of miracles" is about historical testimony, but the conclusions could lead one to doubt all religion. the "dialogues" basically laid it all out.
shail_alive somyaluthra24 ihopefulcynic why only 0.1% ? make it 0.00 %. and defend orthodox hindus radhakant deb who formed dharma sabha to oppose rrmr & filed counter petitions to the office of viceroy to maintain the status quo in the name of culture & religion. and blame britishers for every evil.
zeynepyksl06 masha allah islam is the best peaceful religion in the world embeddedurl
europarl_en everyone regardless of the gender,religion,class or color is entitled to humanrights & freedom,why are you focusing on only journalists leaving dictator museveni who is responsible for all the crimes against humanity?m7novmassacreug endimpunityug21 apacificieu eu_justice embeddedurl
smileytriple roblox bro, it makes sense why you’re banned. roblox doesn’t really want you to talk about religion and just that first part alone is discriminatory. if you would’ve just said that 2nd part than roblox wouldn’t probably ban you
rt gizmojigs: politics and religion unite people, but they also divide people.
when republicans have a quirky brain that they'd believe anything told to them it's no wonder they would be fanatic believers of evangelic religion embeddedurl
adalatlive in a secular country like us, why minority and majority word appears, religion wise ?
pleased to meet with members of the policy team of eauknews to promote religion and showcase religious views of all faiths in parliament. embeddedurl
allensneed1 and you have to understand that politics, religion, ethnicity have no place in a court of law. and that the politics should not matter. i also think it’s a stretch saying the left wants no guns, considering our president’s statement on the current events. it’s not abt that.
religion gives you a certain pattern, a style, a discipline. religion is a mind game. when there's no discipline, no enforced order, a totally different kind of order arises in you. it simply creates a space. and when the space is ready, the whole flows in.
rt zainabakhan2: hindus have a choice to make - 1. organise to fight hard 2. cease to exist as a religion you choice, your consequences
the sinister push for netzero and the climatecrisis religion is one of the major reasons for the energycrunch or energycrisis embeddedurl
respected dhani dharamdas ji, dadudas, saint garibdas ji (haryana), founder of shikh religion (sikhism) guru nanav dev ji and many more are devotees are witnesses_of_godkabir . god kabir (saintrampaljim) meets his pious souls in every era. more info visit satlok ashram youtube embeddedurl
religious extremists are so quick to use their own religion to discriminate against others. embeddedurl
postalsteve mzhemingway presssec vp potus and it's comments like this that are the reason you can't have conversations with committed leftists- it's their " religion" and they emote, they don't use logic and reason
08nov2021u.s.a as business murchants of muslims religion speak"fair is fair"&me paid $300 dollars of fuel line gromlet dat i suggest replace&me address taking off part currently of paying $100 dollars &states"fair is fair" adding these muslims merchants mark up beer against me
iamchickenhat hoppinhoppiness simplerizzen lemlemour arizonacrusader i think you just described the core of every religion, yes.
fabindia, cred, aviation gin, patanjali, mamaearth, bjp, cult fit, bcci, paytm, ajay devgn movies, religion, marriage, just off the top of my head. embeddedurl
secblinken barhamsalih makadhimi everyone regardless of the gender,religion, class or color is entitled to humanrights and freedom ,why are you so quiet on dictator museveni who has & continue to violate human rights ? we know museveni is your puppet but consider ugandan lives. ugandaisbleeding un hrw embeddedurl
black friday is the most sacred day of the year for members of the consumerism religion.
jeffschoch traceyjayj i come from an islamic country and i wasn’t interested in religion as practiced these days. what is the middle section in revelation about?
imadapt73 liberal_lady5 keithwoodsyt prisonplanet stfu idiot. you quoting scripture/god/religion on your page says all i need to know about you = low iq racist waste of oxygen
agyapong3 lift_our_voice bennerjonathan walshfreedom modern atheists have their own religion. in the beginning there was a singularity.
too many people cling to religion because they want to be called, chosen, annointed - special. they want to be special so badly that they will make up bizarre and impossible stories and claim they are supernatural experiences. they're all lies. 100% of the time. christianity
ronfilipkowski did he forget that people came here for freedom of religion?
pay us for quality; religion homework algebra marketing psychology proposal exams articles final paper physics essay due mechanics english maths sciences geography assignment statistics english engineering lab report bibliography dm writersclassy whatsapp+1(435)633-8272
sonar451 shyam_vs_shyam rajeev_indiana pti_news you need to have a better view of religion. ram rahim type guys are cons, they have been existing since always.
is a disgrace to the cops who pledged to protect us, the elected officials who pledged to serve us, and the entire population of this country, who pledged to love their brother and sister regardless of religion and region.
the bible's viewpoint: what benefits does religion have? embeddedurl embeddedurl
mollysm19096980 _sgn_23 revrichardcoles although not so much organised religion itself**, as the arrogance of one individual (and others) to wilfully hide the truth & ignore the injustices, as they inflicted great suffering on others. justicewillcome subpostmastersscandal ** there. fixed it for you.
ranaayyub aajtak ndtv bbcindia timesofindia ranaaunty wild pig munnawar won by disrespecting islam n prophet muhammad ( s.a.w) preachings.making fun of religion is prohibited bth in islam n constitution.stp addressing dis wild pig munnawar as artist.muslim's shud boycott munnawar
tritonops2 davidal85665402 ronrfrmd and that’s the problem. your religion teaches a different gospel, so you think i’m putting too much emphasis on grace. i’m not. we are saved by grace alone through faith alone on account of christ alone. i cannot emphasize this enough. your “gospel” is anathema.
this is a weird religion embeddedurl
ramen religion. foodie foodporn ramen noodles nightlife jeju noodle bar embeddedurl
mohansinha what exactly you want to say? talk about your pwn aspects. why always dragging muslims in all episodes? i hope you even thinking about muslim while enjoy great moments with family. everyone is not going to follow a religion and you should think evevryone is going to accept yours
i have no religion but i believe if president wants communion, he should get one. u.s. bishops should be irrelevant.
kushal_mehra do we have any religion based data in this survey?
islam forbids lying, cheating, theft, assault and murder and safeguards sanctities. it is a religion of security and good for every time and place.
mmpadellan the people are kept stupid by two main institutions for those institution’s own religion & government. reject religion and never ever vote republican
i got a backlash from trumpers when i said that the new religion that’s sweeping the country is guns for god! church of the ar-15 for when jesus isn’t badass enough!
guru nanak dev ji emphasized on moral and religious values. his concept of religion has place for every human being in this world irrespective of religion, caste, colour, breed and race. gurupurbgurunanakdevji
dariollle i mean if he is paying his own bills his mom or parents wouldn’t have much say in what ever religion or way of life he wants
auhaoohh youtube thailand pray around the world be save forever heart hope believe peach with please good purpose together amen world court un and sacred things of every nation and religion ,every couworldcourtntry that they told though telephathy communication&gt;very good purpose and help around world too just oppositon &gt;mahiddol dynasty and all team is it true or false with lie detector&gt;icj
bethanycherisse the branch covidians have truly become a religion to their god covid. they are more devout than most orthodox and evangelicals. this is surreal.
mikepompeo what we can’t allow are power-hungry, corrupt, lying politicians to become the new “religion” that guides every political decision or to become the organizational characteristics of our government.
"faith does not eliminate questions. but faith knows where to take them." — elisabeth elliot religion dailybibleverse catholic biblescripture biblequote godfirst embeddedurl
the hierophant tarot card represents an established set of spiritual values and beliefs and is often correlated with religion and other doctrines. before you discover your own belief systems the hierophant encourages you to learn the fundamental principles from a trusted source.
at the american academy of religion conference and id say about 3/4 of what was supposed to happen in person went online in the time the program books went out & now, so our program books take us to empty rooms or rooms with the wrong talks. kind of a shitshow tbh.
investing legend mark mobius says crypto is a way to have fun and speculate and that it's more like a religion than an investment cryptonews embeddedurl
“christianity didn’t become something different in the aftermath of the constantinian conversion. rather, the faith became ‘more fully itself.’” right. state-sponsored/official religion, enforced at sword-point, is so much more like what jesus taught embeddedurl
iceismyvice god is real.... religion is not
[txt] woke racism: how a new religion has betrayed black america $download$ [ebook] by john mcwhorter embeddedurl embeddedurl
rt salvatore_sue: minggao26 hehe, suddenly religion has a purpose.
reesew oh please, the only thing your passionate about and advocate for is leftism, which is practically a religion for so many woke sjw’s.
check out this listing i just added to my poshmark closet: true religion dark wash rainbow joey t-flare jeans size 28. embeddedurl shopmycloset poshmarkapp
kamuklm godfreyaira jasonkhumalo2 pharaohmenya africa_archives because we are busy blaming them. look at religion, while the whites are fast leaving religion behind, churches is the fastest growing business in africa, while islam is the fastest growing killing machine in africa by africans.
it wasn’t okay. most religions other than abrahamic religions have become fairy tales, marvel movies, hinduism is the only surviving ancient religion and any attempt to turn it into a fairy tale should be blocked embeddedurl
stephen curry is my religion.
buddyguy010 satsdart nashkelvinator no they hated religion still do, they want their version of atheism what is essentially state worship to flourish so anything that challanges it got to go. see what happens to tibet, ulghurs and christiand today in china.
torpedo________ then let him put up his views himself torpedo________ why are you feeling triggered awaen?!!! btw no denying of the fact that religion is oversensualized here in pakistan, but this garden thing is not an example for such an inference.
“being taught to avoid talking about politics and religion has led to a lack of understanding of politics and religion” embeddedurl
funshographix oh please that was your 'weirdo'ness & eccentricity playing out not religion
unhumanrights mbachelet everyone regardless of the gender,religion or color is entitled to freedom,why are you so quiet on the dictatorship in ugandawhich have & continue to take lives of youths yet your the funders? we know museveni is your puppet but consider ugandan lives. ugandaisbleeding un embeddedurl
mikepompeo it's not a new religion. it's actually really, really old. right there in genesis. when god asked of man to be stewards of the earth.
ifiplease what's your religion?
preetbharara cblazblaz the pilgrims left their country bc the king wanted everyone to follow his religion only. they didn’t want that here. even when here, roger williams left the colonies to start his version of religion elsewhere. we’ve never been a country of one religion.
kelly_rdc owning physical things. books, movies, video games and music. everything's digital and, when you accept technology as your religion, the lord selleth and the lord can restrict your access to things you paid good money for, just because they can.
tbd77 ferg119 dave_rohl no rabbit hole here my friend only the whole spectrum of information and data - not the prescribed narrative of the main stream media and brainwashed religion that goes with it...
rt lesbian_alcina: middle aged women my religion
i know the heaven is not mine anymore if im keepin myself to be like this, so i just wanna share more happiness to everyone and do any kind of kindness in my sinful days. so please stop judge me about my religion bcs ive known and im already understood abt it, have a nice day.
the mind is like religion, can’t agree on who’s its savior
jonmontag bodyfit67 wow. you'd think that a religion with direct traces of its origin to william miller, who predicted that the world would end in the mid-1840s--would learn that maybe they are wrong
mtgreenee &gt;*•&gt;*•&gt;*• repboebert laurenboebert is not qualified to be in congress. she promotes hatred and discriminates based on religion. embeddedurl laurenboebertissodumb embeddedurl
leave mike flynn alone!!! if he wants to worship satan, that's his business! this is the united states of america -- we allow freedom of religion here, damn it! satangate
religion the devil/hell vs god/heaven embeddedurl
atcoco2017 mwlorg_en twitter facebook why stop embeddedurl don't understand the religion i don't blame you
ms_bubble again we have a glaring example of what a religion really is. a religion is a club & the price of admission is you must believe some ridiculous crap. pregnant hands? what would pregnant hands give birth to. i always thought going blind was a stretch.
alsoacarpenter conceptualjames the distinction between this and christianity-as-volk-religion seems very thin when coming from the right.
actbrigitte i believe that was mike flynn, recently saying the country should only have one religion. how’s that for freedom?
well, you do not know much about islam do you? back to the drawing board, but grant you that any other religion is not bothered by others. embeddedurl
democracy is based on liberal constitutionalism. it needs a well-established constitutional and legal system that recognises civil and political rights, equality of all citizens irrespective of their religion, caste, ethnicity or language and region. قوم_مانگے_عدالتی_ریفارم
media: “so much for the religion of pea...” media: *checks notes* media: “wait, no, this isn’t how it’s supposed to happen” embeddedurl
muxlim__ janjunayd imumerbhat asethe_tic it's because of few men like you in our religion, we all suffer. shutting your mouth rather than spitting shit is much easier, trust me you should try it next time.
mas muhammad qasim has seen prophet muhammad saw in grief and despair over the state of muslims and his religion, islam. qasim has seen divine dreams for over 30 years. i think he will be the future imam al-mahdi, even though he doesnt claim this. embeddedurl
govrondesantis cameron herrin is now not alone in this fight people from different countries religion and language are with him in this fight &we all will definitely support him until he gets justice its all about humanity justice4cameronherrin embeddedurl
lowbird00 pete60239874 wundermut timcast religion and morality are two *different* things. i have a moral objection to you staying unvaccinated because you feel like it. your religion doesn't say anything about vaccines. you're just stubborn.
manawgupta1 banik2subash republic you are brainwashed in nagpur factory only see hate and communal violence for vote bank . that’s how hindustan civilization survive through years racism ,fanaticism,sexism , hindu religion is worlds most racist idolised where human are not recognised equal .
many brave black atheists manage to free them self from the main obstacles,the myth of god ,religion and white supremacy but they couldn’t rise above the race , they made race their identity and cause instead of science, freedom ,humanity and development. g.d9/9
former trump national security adviser michael flynn calls for one religion in america embeddedurl
semper_fid3lis gowrinavada morenomalulani ny_arch who are you or anyone to decide other religions as demonic and your religion as godly?
alpsmannorth visegrad24 do you think the absence of religious ethics is also responsible for this? religion as a guide has evaporated. do you think it's a good thing or a bad thing?
uglovesmuslims ugishome we want to reiterate that the arrested persons are not targeted for their beliefs,ideology, religion,ethnicity & any other attachment because that would make us biased.we are targeting only those individuals & groups who have engaged,conspired to engage embeddedurl
vanbadham i think we’re approaching this the wrong way. i’m happy to start the religion where we discriminate against the discriminators. that’s it’s main doctrine.
so religious supremacy n hatred for other religions is being equated with targeting of 1 religion festivities another padalikhajahil kind of statement i really wonder about quality of education in elite schools, do they know meaning of equality, secularism, democracy etc embeddedurl
we will never be true vicegerents of god, until we prioritize in our hearts the religion of god over our ‘associations.’ it is a long and difficult journey, but we must pursue it. may allah make us in the entourage of those who will pursue this without despair. embeddedurl
davem270 postlive fbi did you read my second tweet? i should have put a question mark. i loathe church and religion but i do not agree with them being bombed. i wouldnt look at it as a church. separation? correct? which is what i was trying to point out. churches are bombed.
zeff_x2 justoverkill__ exladesr lmaoooooo u think id follow religion rules?!?!??
let's learn some humanrights vocabulary! what is the word “the right to follow your own beliefs in matters of religion and morality”? a) freedom of consciousness b) freedom of conscience c) freedom of conscious advancedenglish c1english englishvocab efl englishquiz
that’s a lot of rambling i just watched a video from an ex-jehovah’s witness and i have thoughts that it dredged up i guess. religion isn’t inherently a cult, but the evangelical institutions get close there i feel. okay bye i’m tired
sammy58532375 scienceporn1 dont blame them anything that is dying will protect itself by all means , in west culture, religion, fertility, environment ,economy, societal norms, morality, are dead or dying rapidly.
rt namkookscumdump: can’t believe mono won’t be nominated for gospel album when it’s literally my religion
jkfecke so now religion (i.e. strict adherence to the social right's version of christianity) is also a requisite for...playing sports?
fgautier26 any prizes which religion these grooming gangs belong to?
brianrayguitar what led to this and how is this ok? one religion??
1der_mom jasonlrickman aidahoan frankluntz yep. it’s not a religion just bc you don’t want a covid shot.
akshaypkumar97 shivammundada dineshwadera ani not once did i ask you. you thought i was pushing around a religious agenda. i subscribe to a system of beliefs of which we are very few and pvt. and hence i do not have a religion to propagate.
ʻabdu'l-bahá, head of the baháʼí faith and last of the three central figures of the religion, has passed away: embeddedurl
europarl_en everyone regardless of the gender,religion,class or color is entitled to humanrights & freedom,why are you focusing on only journalists leaving dictator museveni who is responsible for all the crimes against humanity?m7novmassacreug endimpunityug21 apacificieu eu_justice embeddedurl
sokomatemai the subject of death is different cz thats the key issue every religion is built on. compromise on that you compromise the whole religion
never thought i’d have such a hard time choosing an occult show to critically analyze for a religion paper.
054durin garrettclive theprospered candid_apples formerr00675187 who in the 7th century would have known that islam will supersede and master all. in the 7th century there were only few thousand muslims and surrounded by enemies.. at that time there were more than 20 religion 10-100 times more than the muslims
mightyblanket jeff_camps abbas1x_ dericvladimir mohamedamineakk dudespostingws how dare you disrespect religion of peace? hello officer, i would like to file an fir for racist comments. /s
mjisa6 tulsigabbard typical response from a bigoted follower of an abrahamic religion.
animearts_2001 ukmatters24 drainedballs those few verses say a lot about your so called “religion” but whatever i dont understand the context
this is modern colonization as the indigenous people will have no power or access to that land or their artifacts. the mormon church plans on excavating and possibly destroying temples in an attempt to find something that’s fitting to their religion.
[explore the intersection of faith, politics, arts and culture. sign up for this week in religion. (embeddedurl
incredible sacred saying (attached) of beloved prophet muhammad pbuh regarding help support empowerment of poor needy & disempowered humans irrespective of caste colour creed region religion and frontiers our livelihood comes through helping hand to weaker sections. we r indebted embeddedurl
artsyornot kiiaraa007 sagarrathore_ thank you. what a stupid reply. it’s called contextualising the “typical joke” in the right sense. she is preaching about good and evil and her stupid analogy proves how pathetic her understanding is when she accepts a “joke” on religion but not for any other abuse.
numbers28 better question. when has religion been innocent embeddedurl
no i'm not coming back to your religion. yes i'm talking to you matthew! stop stalking my socials!
east germany literally defunded god and it did a lot of people a lot of good over here for example instead of thinking about religion my parents consider it merely a distraction embeddedurl
indus valley, in pakistan. hind, hindustan, india, ancient names of pakistan. word hindu, not a religion, colour, caste or creed. hinduism, created by british in 1833. sanskrit evolved in pakistan, it's grammarian panini born in pakistan, taught in taxila university, pakistan. embeddedurl
this is a video from trad rcs: wake up call trads- if francis is an apostate(as this admits), then vatican 1 is false. is the pope trying to create a one world religion? - russian faith embeddedurl
fishlakejake tizyoko1 tizzyent you bring your kids up to know they are are special to you, don't care about religion or race
solutions for all your assignments homework online class religion chemistry physics history essays powerpoint. assignments biology nursing essay pay essaydue essaywrite
99% cricketers in indian team are hindus, they why only halal meat compulsory ? why not jhatka ? now don't give gyaan by saying food has no religion ! bcci_promotes_halal boycotthalalproducts bcci sganguly99 imvkohli msdhoni embeddedurl
j_dalb mikepompeo a false religion, junk science, just like darwinian evolution theory. all faith based.
utdcathal micheallehane society means accepting all people no matter what religion race colour disabilities and allows freedom of choice
so when a company runs over the first amendment freedom of conscience / freedom of religion in favor of $$$$$$$ funding, tell me what do you think will happen?
adamsap69831275 blakeflayton unfortunately there is a slippery slope on religion and identity and the actions of a political regime in the name of descent/religion is engaging in discrimination, apartheid, dispossession and the displacement of non jews.
claireallan "i don't mind *a certain race/religion* as long as don't need to see, hear or be near them..."
rev. john hagee’s church, where michael flynn called for only one religion in america, is a place where people come to hear who’s who of christian nationalists, anti-vaxxers, trump loyalists and conspiracy theorists tell president biden to go to hell. embeddedurl
ottumvayya i think it basically the generation. the girl here married a man whom she met thru embeddedurl the so called ammavans has already made a judgement about her life. same with love marriages,inter caste/religion marriages etc.
jhasanjay exactly. i absolutely agree to the second part of your tweet. it's the other religions that portray my religion to pseudo religious luminaries like you. as far as the first part of the tweet goes, rahulgandhi the bull that jhasanjay is referring to is an analogy. not literaly
always interesting to find out people don't drink. and how if it's not for very specific reasons, e.g. religion or dealing with alcoholism, people just don't let it lie and won't accept you just don't do it
pouting ranpo my religion embeddedurl
respected dhani dharamdas ji, dadudas, saint garibdas ji (haryana), founder of shikh religion (sikhism) guru nanav dev ji and many more are devotees are witnesses_of_godkabir . god kabir (saintrampaljim) meets his pious souls in every era. more info visit satlok ashram youtube. embeddedurl
and i’ll say it again here for the people in the back: religion isn’t an excuse to be stupid
this is my religion embeddedurl
grants to usa nonprofits for programs focused on education, religion, human services, and crue- due: 04/01/2022 embeddedurl
the future of political theology - iv. feminism and inter-religious dialogue in the new political theology johann m. vento horizons, vol 34 (02), 2007, pp 321 - 328 religion feminism gender politicaltheology theology dialogue embeddedurl embeddedurl
nowontheretro recipe for hate by bad religion from recipe for hate rediscoverthebestinrock download the app embeddedurl like & share this! embeddedurl
amishdevgan news18india avanishojha gauravbh charanssapra anuragspparty i_come_from_india where b-grade actor mock father of nation and mercy petitioner called veer! i_come_from_india wre people confused ramayan & mahabharata but played politics on religion. i_come_from_india where news cooked inside news room for master embeddedurl
most indians pray to all saintly beings - hindu muslim or christian. hajiali dargah, tirupati &churches. why not formalize this? 1st indian woman who was issued “no religion, no caste” certificate by the government. ⁦pmoindia⁩ ⁦narendramodi⁩ embeddedurl
witnesses_of_godkabir kabir parmeshwar ji had met jambheshwar ji maharaj (promoter of bishnoi religion) in the form of a living saint after coming to samrathal. explained his philosophy for more information visit sant rampal ji maharaj youtube channel | embeddedurl
yea yea fuck them true religion sweaters this levi’s got me right. black friday , i’m soft and comfy , warm jacket
rt iamchris_carter: teach your children about money before religion tells them its evil. too many adults think being poor is holy. smh
exciting news! our collaborative research center metaphors of religion: religious meaning-making in language use will be funded by dfg_public. embeddedurl looking forward to 4+ exciting years with great colleagues. i’ll be co-leading three projects within the crc. 1/
oh my god oh my god i ordered three tacos at taco bell and got five tacos the last time this happened, the world discovered religion
religion: worlds best ever scam? embeddedurl via youtube
“the religious discrimination bill will make it unlawful to discriminate against religious australians. the bill will extend protection to religious belief that attributes such as sex, race and sexuality have enjoyed for many decades.” religion is a decision not an “attribute”.
i always said white dna (thin-long nose) ppl only are anti-china mentality. china was never a threat. threat are abrami dna ppl, any religion. china is a savior of world from abrami raxas. wait and see huxijin_gt meghbulletin goofyolives arunbothra ramnikmann pmoindia embeddedurl
rt rejasah: hc: deadpool trans my religion embeddedurl
the bisexual urge to finish fights about religion and politics.
covid: a new state religion? embeddedurl
johnhmcwhorter seanilling voxdotcom if recognizing that “racism exists” is all it takes to be confirmed into this anti-racist religion, and mentioning that simple fact is too much for people to handle, what is the way forward? bc this reads like another way to tell people to just shut up about racism.
marsdst3 kimberly if you’re reading this i want my bad religion cd back!
mmpadellan politics has no place in churches; religion has no place in politics.
thrilled oas_official member states agreed to renew a dialogue on the right to freedom of conscience and religion or belief at the oasassembly. we must work together to defend and protect this fundamental freedom.
cakewuc you’re the one who told me you don’t drink because of your religion
saketgokhale the brazen killings in our country are in india, no matter what state, religion or gender and that is what we need to probe. not start comparing them and start a political fest
we burn crackers and proudly flaunt we are hindus. they burn buildings and like cowards hide saying terr0rism has no religion. the difference!!
“if a state gives the opportunity to its citizens to practice their religion and supports them in their thinking, learning,practice; this system isn’t considered to be against the teaching of quran.and there is no need to seek an alternative state.” embeddedurl
batman34544431 ritzyb94 musawirabbas esha49767494 10rizkhan ranaayyub if u e right then why in past so many other religion's place destroyed?
iran and saudi arabia both pursue their national interests in the name of religion. the monopoly of these countries relies upon brainwashing people into thinking that western democracy is a concept alien to islam.
everyday, i'm tempted to embrace traditional religion
apurvasays ragatimes srivatsayb religion being brought up in an election rally is secular, as per your definition of secular?
mdosimansari3 rao1193 rubikaliyaquat aur bhai mentality change kro.... muslim....hindu... sc st... punjabi christian .... har community har religion mein koi naa koi problem h... kuch government ki wajah se khud kuch ke paida kiye hue... but we have to focus on ourselves and work for a better future.
when science becomes religion, it becomes a weapon
ayushi66132355 rashmidvs one,he didn't drag a specific religion into it. many xtians revere mary and other women saints, but that doesn't stop nuns being molested. many muslims revere ayesha but that doesn't stop them from treating their women badly.
behind william hogarth’s biting satirical snapshots of 18th‐century society was an artist in tune with the teachings of the bible. jacriding reveals how religion and faith shaped hogarth's life and art... embeddedurl
not magical... the business of religion. embeddedurl
kingdommaxlte kennethmbuva mailonline islam is the problem! this religion treats women by far the worst! name one religion where women in 2021 have to cover their head and body. it’s sickening how women are treated in this religion
every hindu must listen to how cho explains about facts regarding hinduism. this will help us deal with all the dk dmk tards who ask stupid and hurtful questions about our religion. we can answer them and put them in place. do watch embeddedurl
your religion will determine your politics, most christians identify and believe in capitalism as much as they believe in god.
back to my point about recognising what a woman is ... never was a problem until luxury beliefs took over from religion the new religion is not much different to the old religion embeddedurl
mzhemingway could be her religion is christianity where the good book teaches to love thy neighbour as you love yourself. and was shaking her head in pity, not understanding why you wouldn’t want to protect others or yourself. being considerate of others takes effort, it takes heart. amen
when science & religion come together & work for social betterment- reps of the bahaibic have been participating in discussions at the cop26 climate summit, exploring the moral dimensions of climateaction - via bahainews embeddedurl
'un-american': rep. gallego slams michael flynn’s call for ‘one religion’ in u.s. embeddedurl
rt imtiazmadmood: religious people are nice people unless you're poor, minority, female, lgbtq, of other sects or religion, or no religion.
love u so much, you are my religion justinbieber
it matters please...my partner and i must connect well spiritually too, different religion won't allow that sorry embeddedurl
grymoric i mean as in religion topic, you cannot support it but that doesn't mean you've discriminate it.
rt ahmad__bose: that islam is the only religion named by allah, all other religions are been nemed by humans...
they cannot fight religion but they can legitimise separatism by apologising on guru nanak jayanti. embeddedurl
rt pdeboosted: purplemoonz ripx4nutmeg absolutely. we only care about sex. an officers gender, religion & star sign are irrelevant.
godmorningthursday the religion that resides in the mind, what should you do? poor slave is alive, he is the door of yama. except one supreme god, all the other sadhnas which are sitting in the mind will go to embeddedurl
darensammy88 history tells us, no matter how diabolical you may be towards others (caste, civilization, religion), but in return you only get betrayal.
jillsaidit fromwhimsy mysterysolvent it’s the state religion. and you must choose: alabama or auburn.
camdephilob rockymountviews on the other hand, it got you at least one new follow my take has always been that organized religion is little more than crowd control
pontifex what are we referring to here pope. your religion, which is pagan mother earth stuff? or our religion, the real catholicism gifted to us by our lord and saviour jesus christ?
eucouncil everyone regardless of the gender,religion,class or color is entitled to humanrights & freedom,why are you focusing on only journalists leaving dictator museveni who is responsible for all the crimes against humanity?m7novmassacreug endimpunityug21 apacificieu eu_justice embeddedurl
atheistwhoopass divide god from religion. there is no god for you. fine. forget it (him). focus on mans religious construct and the false shepherds ezekiel exposed, they muddy the water the sheep drink.
pearlelisabeth i hear it’s a supernatural musical now in which some ka whites guy who died years ago has his own religion now and archie fought off trained assassins when he was in high school
rt justice78602373: good heart is the best religion; its light is the most powerful light. role model sushant
taliban deputy spokesman: "conquering force" defends religion, land and islamic system at the cost of life embeddedurl
europarl_en everyone regardless of the gender,religion,class or color is entitled to humanrights & freedom,why are you focusing on only journalists leaving dictator museveni who is responsible for all the crimes against humanity?m7novmassacreug endimpunityug21 apacificieu eu_justice embeddedurl
or more like, used the media representations to make us rethink and take a second look in human faith and actions they touched sensitive topics like god and religion, left mysteries with the ending and said "no one really knows the meaning of everything, or if there is even one"
mike_pence freedom from your religion
rt 4248: religion traps the soul; christ sets it free.
godlessliz mikethewander1 people who believe atheism is a religion are looking for a reason to make themselves feel better about their lack of belief.
do not make conflicts worse by putting it solely on religion. very important message, from scholar elizabeth hurd ewcseminars 2021sjs
thebladeofoccam with its delineation between the attributes of ahura mazda and those of angra mainyu, zoroastrians shouldn't have much problem reconciling a loving god with the existence of evil. if the jews were so keen on borrowing another religion's ideas, why didn't they borrow that one? 43/
science is nature. a communication from the universe to the earth. religion, on the other hand, may the universe heal the aching souls of men. embeddedurl
me and crooker are making the stupidest but based religion about scarfs-
belinda_browne the most evil and disturbing thing that we can do is to teach infants about ghosts and fantasies when they need something to blame when in trouble! religion should only be taught in churches and never in children’s schools! every religion teaches separatism and separatism is war.
amazing_arijit trollashaters arijitsingh askanshul nehaltyagi08 absolutely...where does the question of religion arise...we adore him for his talent and respect the humble person he is and we love his pure soul...
rt r_historymemes: do religion memes count? embeddedurl embeddedurl
chayarivka i taught hebrew high for many years, and with the help of some great rabbis and education directors was able to develop a curriculum that focused on this (our religion is very much about “yes”) and the actual reasons we everything. so keep yelling..educators agree with you.
secblinken i condem us sailing 12 tucano jets to nigeria i condem us removed nigeria name from religion terrorism watch list i condem us for supporting human rights abuse and killings going on in nigeria i condem the kidnapped and extraordinarily rendition of ipob leader mazi nnamdi kanu.
rt politicalpartr1: stevebakerhw afzal4gorton islam is a religion and we don’t have blasphemy laws in this country steve. thank god
facebook, instagram to delete 'sensitive' ads targeting options related to race, religion or political affiliation embeddedurl embeddedurl
what modernity teaches us is that humans have such a desperate need for religion that denying them one literally makes them worship buttsex.
justjustalan colinsusan1 ronfilipkowski freedom of religion?
irrespective of ethnicity,country, creed,christian coloniser construct ‘caste’,abrahamic religion,any differences or diversity, we all are indigenous & only non-negotiable is mutualrespect & it should be fundamental anyway all born indigenous till prejudice & hatred consumes embeddedurl embeddedurl
vinniewphotos efhaasc annieandrewsmd that is just not true. and we never said anything about religion. 96% of all biologists agree new human life starts at sperm-egg fusion.
pinkheretic heathensassy except you can relate to it. are you empathetic? are you kind? do you believe in science? do you believe in no deities? do you believe in bodily autonomy? do you believe people should have the freedom to practice whatever religion they choose? do you believe in morals?
astratelates except that every time religion apologists are given the opportunity to show their facts and logic, their arguments fall apart--and many of them then run away.
rt lisaqthinks: how can there be just one true religion? embeddedurl via kingdomgracenet
puppermum sealskevin angelabelcamino why are you targeting this mans religion. and his own opinions. you dont have to agree with what everyone says on twitter but to mention and bash this man for his religion is mean and not right.
religion that sells really satanism as some dead person story. teaches you lies, deceit n fraud just with the belief of sign up bonus embeddedurl
northern nigeria stand up. actually they're culpable, maybe constricted by religion. but you see these motor park boys and junkies you trample on. when northerners protest... nigerian army would run out of bullets. people willing to die for el zazaky will kill for a better life.
frankluntz what religion..??
rt sunday_akinjide: religion is the biggest disservice to humanity.
theskindoctor13 ...and he get money for degrading his country bharat in a foreign country. thevirdas really sorry that you have such upbringing. you couldn't see the real glorious, culturally rich, humble hindu religion ie bharat. your parents, your surrounding is like this, so sorry for that.
hoodvidsdaily permakult1 repboebert oh really?? why has trump been fighting ejeancarroll in a defamation lawsuit for years now??!! slander most suredly is a lawsuit waiting to happen! look at dominionvoting vs fox powell pillowman throw religion and race up in it and it's one hell of a lawsuit! hate crimes!
continued...ethics, morals and principles are not exclusive to religion and religious propaganda, you should know right from wrong
grant! up to $40,000 to assist early career, non-tenured religion scholars of color to complete a major research project in north american christianity. deadline jan 15. more info: embeddedurl
cgibbonss i’m so tired of people bringing religion into everything because “his stage was shaped like an upside down cross” have y’all never seen a catwalk at a concert before pls
wirralphil1 the bnp were using that bollocks 30 years ago.i can assure him the average person who follows a minority religion does not give a flying you know what.only racists and right wing loons care.
culture cannot be separated from politics. the arts, philosophy and metaphysics, religion and the sciences, constitute culture. politics are the science or art of organizing our relationships to allow for the development of life in society. eugene ionesco embeddedurl
rt jakmedd: islam encourages marriage with relatives. the shittiest religion on the planet
emmychemey chuerta1 c_stroop felixconnie mhall119 divorcereligion what is the difference between an individual not involved in a cult and anyone still perpetratoing systemic misogynist abuse by being an evangelical at all ? anyone perpetrating a lie , a huge one many accept , by upholding patriarchal religion ? vs individuals telling you stuff
zackbeauchamp jeffreyasachs conor64 jbouie then pundits made it even worse by dragging out the “this is a religion” horse to flog. larding narrative upon narrative.
congress_hates_hindutva congres differentiate ‘hindutva’ and ‘hinduism’, they never word about islamik jihad. why congress not talk about the difference between islam and jihadi terrorism? congress try to appease muslims by making comments like ‘terrorism has no religion. embeddedurl
dr.hussain qadri is known as a well-recognized,prolific orator,islamic scholar,and also an enthusiastic human rights activist. he is portraying islam on the international level as a perfect religion for all humans. risingpakistanexpo expo_rising minhajyouthpk patofficialpk embeddedurl
islam is perfect but i am not, if i make a mistake, blame on it me; not on my religion. embeddedurl
nigeria: muslims abduct 22 girls ages 15-17, say they’re going to force the girls to marry them me ~ why not their fellow muslims? us hypocrisy of high level by removing nigeria from the list of religion freedom violation. un_hrc unocha freemazinnamdikanunow freebiafra
walking talking with my kids today was lovely. v talked about the possible reunification of ireland. then i mentioned my grandfather was born in northern ireland before partition. then we rang my dad to find out what religion my grandparents were.
vranaviraja the 'one religion' thing really upsets me - seems like a set up for division. i don't really know his career well tbf.
ninjasniperpon1 majority of our wars -were about destroying tartaria buildings & control over these secret vortexes on earth. that’s probably why ancient cathedrals have not been destroyed. so they can hide the secrets of the universe they needed to control the banking system & religion.
kittenclaws64 conceptualjames please don't mix facts (of history) with the mythology of religion.
thesushilsaxena shkhrasheed only one team can win. the team played better won the match. keep religion away from sports and your tongue in control.
sheepleliberal johndoefkktrump logan_v96 estivel therodismnent lobsterking21 donaldjtrumpjr he's the one who brought religion into the conversation by saying taking a life even in self defense is a "one way ticket to hell". i simply tried to explain to him by quoting god himself.
georgetakei if i remember my history correctly, the founding fathers set up the constitution to keep religion out of the government. separation of church and state and all that. when did this change?
rt queenseeyert: islam is a religion of peace
1/ "he is the best friend to american liberty, who is most...active in promoting true & undefiled religion...to bear down profanity & immorality of every kind. whoever is an avowed enemy of god, i scruple not to call him an enemy of his country.
hopefully not very hot take. but if your religion requires that you disown people that have different beliefs or attraction or identification from what you consider the norm. you might want to reevaluate your definition of morality.
primetime_jet lj_era8 he’s a jew so the whole religion makes no sense
europarl_en everyone regardless of the gender,religion,class or color is entitled to humanrights & freedom,why are you focusing on only journalists leaving dictator museveni who is responsible for all the crimes against humanity?m7novmassacreug endimpunityug21 apacificieu eu_justice embeddedurl
my religion embeddedurl
want to explore interactions between climate and cultural change through in innovations in art, music and ritual? join next week's eco-creativity 2021 conference hosted by religion_ou, oupolitics, oumusic, art history & ou_lal. register here embeddedurl embeddedurl
taeilslice i was asking myself the same thing. like is being part of that religion an excuse to not support the community?
‘you’re my only religion.’ embeddedurl
let’s assume this analysis of the given statement is true, why is voting on the basis of caste better or superior than voting on the basis of religion? because fractured hindu vote strengthens who? embeddedurl
religion twitter ,,, won’t spare me today ,,,
yogeshkd2228 sumanthraman drsenthil_mdrd pure atheist will be definitely respected.they don't spread hate and divide. but a leader and party who divides tamilians in the name of religion has to be exposed.
"let's remember that not every difference in religion is a different religion." ~ jeremiah burroughs
mikepompeo there's nothing supernatural about our atmosphere & climate being subject to the laws of physics. we're standing in a house ablaze, but we can't allow putting out the fire to become a "religion." see how stupid that sounds?
sheikh fawzaan, one of the most prominent saudi ulema clarifies the correct interpretation of the quranic verse about no compulsion in religion, which muslim apologists often lie about, also explaining how the caliphate is supposed to wage offensive jihad against kuffar states
umar ibn al-khattab (may allah be pleased with him) said: this religion will be destroyed when people who never experienced jahiliyyah will appear (i.e. born muslims, taking islam for granted). [tabaqaat, 129/6] may allah help us, we are living in strange times.
godmorningwednesday the religion that resides in the mind, what should you do? poor slave is alive, he is the door of yama. except one supreme god, all the other sadhnas which are sitting in the mind will go to hell. embeddedurl
rt maxineshaw__: i cant believe i was finna let my religion dictate the rest of my life and be with a man
drjulieo1 micahsherrill prosperwithtom realmattcouch the reason "organized religion " is the most evil thing. responsible for more death,destruction,rape and murder in the premises of a man made ideology an mand made books. i'm not atheist, yet i refuse to respect religion tht has multi million dollar buildings & poor followers.
paraga muslim isnt a race, its a religion.
wesbury ever since the guy who ran for president & invented the internet, told us greenhouse gases were turning us into venus, the climate religion decided hyperbole & fear-mongering sells. lots of $$ and political power at play. works equally well for the race-baiters & covid grifters.
unity and coming together are among the basic principles of islam, and there are many aspects of unity in islam, such as one lord, one book, one prophet, one religion, one qiblah, one ummah. unityandpeaceforpakistan smncapricorn
only a week away - free tickets for this event with religion, philosophy and ethics ysj graduate and documentary photographer! embeddedurl
europarl_en everyone regardless of the gender,religion,class or color is entitled to humanrights & freedom,why are you focusing on only journalists leaving dictator museveni who is responsible for all the crimes against humanity?m7novmassacreug endimpunityug21 apacificieu eu_justice embeddedurl
you are free to change your religion 100 times but if you are still a wicked soul you are not deceiving god but your stupid self....
jaswind75565388 jindisinghka few years after, you guys would also be remembered for maligning the image of honest farmers whose demands got sidelined just because u guys made the whole fckng protest communal when religion was neither necessary nor relevant
kaffiene_nz biggsintweets lostarcnz yes but your right of religion & not to be subjugated to any medical procedure is potentially breached if you want to be treated the same as most other people no one should have to suit themselves to willingly put aside their rights and liberties in order to go to church or work
jackposobiec well being a member of a religion doesn’t exactly denote that one is right. comical. looked her up. just another example of what institutions like harvard do to people
itscomingupmel rachelp35360278 ltequila4 wonder if others have bad reactions too, but are just overlooking it, chalking it up to coincidence because the media has made the vaccine like a religion to people and they won’t even consider the possibility that their ailment is vaccine related.
abcnews so wrong, but that what happens when religion infiltrates our governments.
matoxley the religion beliefs in that region of the world dictates their stance on many contemporary issues. mat, are you suggesting that islam & their prophet muhammad’s teachings be abolished in the region?
lemme correct that... *a loyal malaysian must stay away from corruption, respect woman & children, pay their taxes, & treat all race and religion equally. embeddedurl
check out this listing i just added to my poshmark closet: true religion joey distressed denim mini skirt. embeddedurl shopmycloset poshmarkapp
stringreveals smart4bharat aktkadmin shamelessdhruvrathee are you really indian or changed citizenship and religion for the sake of money??
reefermadnesnc rgytsonic deadmeatjames ah yes, blood freak. where the killer is a drug addict with a giant turkey head in place of his own. and in which the film apparently involves religion.
for many, soccer is a religion and the ten is considered a god maradona artist: emiliosansolini edition: 10/10 price: $100 nft bsc discover more embeddedurl embeddedurl
i draw most of my life principles from religion,that is buddhism,islam and rastalivity. some of their beliefs are what ground me as a being. there’s so much to learn from diversity of different beliefs we have in the world,esp if you want to improve yourself spiritually.
kannada_kuvara1 shyvijay piyushhaval so...being maratha commander doesn't mean immortal wat happened in 1686..ur chikkdevraya accepted defeat...why ? if aurangjeb wins then ur chikkdevraya wud hv change his religion then u must b fighting here for urdu
unclenospik thetweetofrhea parostom atheism isn’t a religion. is theism a religion?
rt kahnkidz: dockaurg erdocaa it’s been a war on religion, traditions and children.
cdenisegayle plato_von_smith rasmansa finally, peterson has been fairly clear about his goals- he's a moderate conservative who wants a liberal meritocracy and probably gives religion more credit than i would, but hey it's the marketplace of ideas. ...i really need to find another hobby.
lemmebwhtim beware of religion of terrorist......
top 10 lana songs ever 1- the blackest day 2- 24 3- pretty when you cry 4- black beauty 5- religion 6- love song 7- mac 8- million dollar man 9- carmen 10- brooklyn baby
the fact that i have to work both of my jobs on friday should be against the law because i know damn well it’s against my religion!!
as we see the agenda is pushing towards a “one world religion” escapingtheplantation 2.0 will be revealing the tactics that’s behind this agenda as the heathen attempts to bring the kingdom of god to a stop! tune in live tonight at 6 pm cst on facebook and youtube embeddedurl
the prophet elijah’s life of service to god and man provides a wealth of reflection for us this day, particularly in times of trouble and upheaval in the church and in the world. embeddedurl bible scripture christian faith goodbooks religion christianity
qgoodman_ having paid attention and not cheated in my religion classes, i definitely get this reference!! so true
had some muslim friends over, parang nakakataba lang sa puso na people of miagao are very welcoming. religion teaches love and kindness, it’s very nice to see that they practice it. love love love
templarxi newsforalluk i would argue the numbers say most cultures accept lgbt people, and religion wise it's pretty close to 50/50 if we're talking numbers of followers
islam is a religion of peace tolerance and harmony. any type of extremism have no relation with it. saynotoextremism minhajulquran tahirulqadri
usatoday the newest pagan religion.
religion can not liberate africa's from poverty,unemployment or poor infrastructural development only entrepreneurship powered by knowledge economy can" embeddedurl instablog9ja
sreenivasanjain does secularism stop our pm from practicing his own religion ? secularism is about everyone having a right to practice his own religion. not about leaving religious practice to appease someone else.
unafraidrealist zubymusic it’s us the people vs a handful of elite who have us all enslaved, and they have been putting us against each other based on race, religion, political party, vaccination status. because when we’re too focused on each other, we can’t see that we all have a common enemy
seandolfc race isn't religion g
wafakha47693352 konstructivizm * our religion* says alot about ur country's ppl embeddedurl
the cost of religious fanaticism is one's religion itself.
us supreme court may soon force states to fund christian schools, mandating exactions from nonbelievers to pay for indoctrination that clashes with their own ideas, empowering the majority religion to use the state to establish its supremacy by mjs_dc embeddedurl
supercommentsx tigray adopted christianity as the state religion in the mid-4th century, under ezana of axum.we respect and accept everyone’s religious as well.
john lennon/plastic ono band , apple records, 1970. keep you doped with religion and sex and tv and you think you're so clever and classless and free but you're still fucking peasants as far as i can see a working class hero is something to be. embeddedurl
leftynavyseal religion is, was, and always will be about control. mind, body, soul & financial control.
beckyki93866188 go to church my friend. any church. most have a christmas eve service. find comfort in god‘s house. not trying to force religion on you. just suggesting that a lot of people find comfort there. god bless.
pay us to handle your; religion homework spss algebra mba arts psychology proposals exams geometry ecology physics essay mechanics english maths ✓excel geography assignments statistics english engineering law lab report bibliography ✓dissertations dm us at accuratewriting
girlsgutsgiallo i don't understand born again christians' desperate need to believe we're all miserable and directionless without their religion.
rt doc4dead: yung kulto ba ni quibs may guns and goons or religion and sex lang? what are the chances manlalaban?
3rdclassgenius ulxma naijaflyingdr how quickly you moved from trying to exonerate religion from misogyny to admitting there's misogyny in religion and then doubling down by defending it with another misogynistic statement needs to be studied, man. will it kill you to admit what is evidently wrong?
people who are super into religion freak me out
briantylercohen gavinnewsom the ussc religious zealots (aka the majority) asked for it. maybe the “other side” kavanaugh kept stooging for during dobbs last week isn’t the radical evangelical right, but the moderate, mainstream majority of citizens in this country who don’t want religion in our govt.
joncc1701e timthegodmocker religion has done so much damage. to say nothing just does more damage
gumbuoy i've always said it's a sport that aussies would absolutely love. fast, skilled, physical. i watch'em all ... but i grew up in canada where it's religion.
kare indoda my religion
okay, friends, upon conversation with colleagues, here's where i'm at. 1) i'm not a fan of the theology i'm seeing here ("let's pray for everyone else to join us in our religion so they can be saved"). i'm also aware that it's neither new nor particularly noteworthy, alas. (1/)
quantumelle stilltish diddyboo1 eneraldo whatisawomanbot biological essentialism is what makes us a species. we will not participate in your gender religion.
i’m agnostic, so you can take your religion shaming elsewhere. embeddedurl
roguecitizenone so we can see this asshole cuz he wears his cro-magnon misogyny on his face. the collective voices of he and those who also cloak their contempt for women through religion and other means need to be drowned out by the voices of decency.
rt agf412: reem4ca disclosetv there is no god in any religion mate sorry to burst your bubble
oxforddiplomat using religion to justify being an asshole yet again i see
i prefer buddhism because it gives three principles in combination which no other religion does all other religions are bothering themselves with god and soul and life after death buddhism teaches prajna (understanding as against superstitions and supernaturalism) 12/25 embeddedurl
that_blacc_girl mompha, his supposed “friend” denied him publicly. saying he can never associate himself with bob because of his religion. meanwhile he’s been in bob’s dms and they even talk and see each other offline
pepe_szn22 andywunday zontar_dow richarddawkins (...) and far more unwarranted religious hostility and hatred (towards judaism as a religion/lifestyle) is absolutely ridiculous, and indeed, quite offensive.
kccinews that's because it's not a "religion but a relationship
bluedragonsfang team_litecoin liquidalmond fman123 rustyrockets definitely not the gods that practically any current major religion proposes, from what i know they all have narcissistic, unreasonable and sometimes just downright cruel demands. i'd prefer a god that can see reason through people's decisions, and actually values good actions
jonathanmerritt the way the sbc does christianity, it's no different from any other religion. it's just the same old same old. when i became a man, i put away that crap and embraced jesus. he's nothing like they've ever tried to tell me he was
truly stunned to see this barbarism in the name of religion. no one has any right to punish anyone except the court & the state. extra judicial killing should be treated as killing. we've become an intolerant & religiously fanatic society. we're beyond repair. sialkot embeddedurl
saw orupakkakathai on zee5tamil starting with a bizzare situation, this unique film by balaji tharaneetharan deals with mystery,science, religion & faith. an interesting plot that's engaging. the lead pair portrays the insecurity of their roles to perfection. 3.50/5
andreacp1105 billrmullinsjr1 robschneider the muslim religion has used the mask to subjugate women throughout history. could be part of the larger whole of world domination. just a crazy thought.
collegeofpolice but they decide it’s phobic (bullies never take responsibility & always pass the buck) or are looking for a way to bully further. it gives bullies, liars & a***holes who also happen to be trans, gay, a certain religion etc. a free rein to behave how they like & blame the victim
tu mujhese b chipak. is umar a object ??? ye kuch b bolegi log fun way me le jayenge. but this is not funny guys. she really dragged religion here. usko sayad asim himansi ke bare me pata nehi hain. embeddedurl
maha_sattva i understand and appreciate the challenge. more conversations like this are needed to understand that everyone heals and copes differently. i feel we have similar core beliefs about the human experience, yours is just more religion based and mine is more spiritual. &that’s okay!
there are people who believe that their own religion has nothing to offer except a bag of rice. embeddedurl
bharuch: more 6 arrested in kankariya illegal religion conversion case. gujarat tv9news embeddedurl
"this muslim lady came to our church this christmas morng n started distributing 'christmas nasi lemak' to the congregation immediately after mass. only in the borneon states of east malaysia where people of different race and religion can live together in harmony and peace." embeddedurl
ivyalvarez what is this new religion?
if secularists and left-illiberals oppose "majoritarianism", then they support minoritarinism. the indian state anyway functions that way till date where religious minorities of abrahamic religions (not any other indic minority religion) have veto power over the majority.
paisleypaddy what is his religion?
sweetchairdidy sltrib the people targeting the educated in the us right now are on the right wing politically. as for the rest, i don't see any of that happening. nobody is banning religion. there's no "outing" of people for their beliefs. you're seeing shadows and thinking they are monsters.
my new religion embeddedurl
ericmmatheny i don't remember who first said it but "those who don't believe in anything will fall for everything". it is in our nature to seek purpose. those who don't believe in god will make something their "religion" and they'll never understand why they still feel empty.
laralogan not_the_bee world "leaders" still believe the "religion of peace" line. what that in fact means to muslims is that there will be no peace until islam dominates the world. the taliban is the modern day version of muhammad's philosophy -- backed with $80b in arms from beijingbiden.
i hate religion, those who spout its shit and everyone involved. its the worlds biggest and most dangerous war machine led by war mongers preaching fake peace and love
drutangathome science is their new religion
mmpadellan you are not anti-rich your real agenda is anti-religion
i keep reading cases of discrimination against indians/ hindus based on religion & culture in us universities. please share your stories with him if you've faced this type of harassment. i'm sure many students of audrey truschke will have stuff to share! embeddedurl
johnpavlovitz remember, christianity is a religion of women and the poor. you’re not shitting on who you think you are in this tweet! christianity = following jesus. the white nationalism brand of evangelicalism prevalent in our country must be separated from the truth of what christianity is.
joannechocolat i tell my boys that all of it (religion included) are stories that people can choose to believe in.
public lands being allocated for namaz, salaries are being given to maulvis. control being taken of temples, taxes are being imposed on daan. yes, indian constitution gives equality to everyone regardless of religion and caste.
pay us to handle your; religion homework spss algebra mba arts psychology proposals exams geometry ecology physics essaypay mechanics ✓english maths excel geography assignments statistics english engineering law lab report bibliography ✓dissertations dm us reserchjoe embeddedurl
kingosharks brianco84208590 apokaiypsis cyprianfumo 2chin2furious so do islamists. i bet you dont want to be ruled by them. thats how non-christians feel about you. its better if neither religion rules. we had enough historical examples of religious governments. or just look at the middle east. you dont want that wherever you live.
rt carolinemcorbin: it is not discrimination to deny funding to religion because we have an establishment clause
ashokshrivasta6 twitter preetkgillmp hindu terrorist? now terrorism has religion? what type of hypocrisy is this? really you can go to any low for money and power.
vikki60601613 anil_21r maneesheikh and only because these radicals know they can use religion to gain power and control over the political spectrum and people. and manipulating beliefs of both theists and atheists is highly effective in such matter.
thehill wow, how lucky is she to have been born in the exact right time and place to be a part of the only true religion that has ever existed?
aabhas24 chutia women don't know that only hindu dharam respect women no other mazab chuslam or fake santa religion can give you respect idiot lady
japtikapar siddhu91639423 navins27 bhaktapita1 realistnihilis1 shyvijay mugilkannadiga drsudhirn anand_gj ajavgal you keep your religion with you we don't have any problem. but , if you badmouth our language and culture. then , we know how to deal with that.
inavelis bts_twtt_minpd i like you because you are a genius in making songs, i hate it because we are not of the same religion but i love you 7 because of your talent and hard work. embeddedurl
there’s no way anyone with common sense can believe anything that a liberal tells them! their language is lies and their religion is hypocrisy! too many times they’ve lied to steal god given freedom and tax dollars now in the trillions!!! they believe their agenda allows deceit! embeddedurl
rt kennleandre: the gurdwara initiative says a lot about religion theirs and yours.
andersleijersta some people willingly comply, others have to be persuaded. race should not come into it but religion and associated disinformation appears to.
rt kamallochanm: if you religion is your pride then why converting christianity? justasking
rahim1030 freeiran_sam bai_mina last time i checked i was iranian and you were paki. so stop lecturing me on what is and what's not my culture. your barbaric religion is certainly not my culture. i wonder which is more overwhelming, your arrogance or your ignorance.
we muslims believe in humanity, our prophet pbuh has strictly forbidden us to violate the rights of non muslims. i am a muslim and i condemn this act of cruelty. this act was a personal enemity and has nothing to do with religion. سانحہ_سیالکوٹ embeddedurl
colorstv beingsalmankhan umarriaz se zada support kisike paas nehi hai . stop attacking on his profession, character, religion and family.
ani the people must boycott the political leaders who are trying to divide the people by religion and caste and protect our secular nation from these political leaders.
kaurageousdils harishbpuri sikh are very religious and fun loving people.they r well cultured & deeply patriotic.never came across k elements so can’t comment on them . we cant blame the whole community for the misdeeds of few. every religion have such fanatics and they should be dealt with iron hand.
jaredlorz kylenabecker thehill it changes nothing about the fact that kwanzaa isn’t a religion.
read guberkleycenter weekly update on religion and covid19, focusing on the omicronvariant and its affect on vaccination efforts, religious exemptions, and more. if20wellbeing embeddedurl
enlightener_the cmsloporion bortcleys polticola eoinhiggins_ nellsco people are begging for more oppression!? the progressive authoritarian uses “crisis religion” to incrementally restrict our god-given no amount of facts and logic can sway the adherents. they are relentless and can never be satisfied!? embeddedurl
callm3atheist ani religion &gt;&gt;&gt; anything for thiests
rt culturewarsmag: abortion is a jewish sacrament. why are the jews allowed to impose their religion on us? embeddedurl
christmas airdrops you presents as a kid to earn your loyalty to the network you later reinvest more into the network by getting your kids/friends better presents than what you got christians were ahead of the curve on web3 what other growth strategies exist in religion?
electricepistle dasaladshake brotherdawah i think that is just an answer for the famous "why do you believe your religion is better than the others". simple elimination process leaves you with the big three and between those only islam makes sense without even needing to dive deep into actual details of the religion.
john_skimo i don't take that boy seriously since he asked ace to intervene at sabc retrenchment debacle. traditional, religion, youths and business leaders formed a powerful mdm which is popular than radzilani and her crooks brigade. they see her as sellout.
rt haroonriaz: what sialkot lynch mob did is state policy and state religion in pakistan. don't know what seems to be the problem.
superwhitten data1five embeddedurl my thoughts exactly. the blindfold as well has its roots in freemasonry and ultimately, the secret mystery religion which reaches from babylon. they'll say the blindfold is for the good reason, it's not. bloodied hands reaching up from the rise of this new
aim_of_santrampaljimaharaj spiritual leader can take initiation from jagatguru tatvdarshi sant rampal ji maharaj ji irrespective of his caste, creed, colour, faith or religion because god has created every human being equal. embeddedurl
of all the debates about abortion,i haven't heard anybody talking about how to prevent pregnancy,so there is no need for abortion. embeddedurl religion standing in the way of providing birth control measures for young women.this has to change.
054durin theblackbluejay gator926777709 thomaso75772399 bazza_cuda erichinatl theism is more individual belief, i think. religion requires certain standards. light this belief is not making a big fuss but have a personal dealing.
the religion that protects humanity is sacred, the religion that respects man as equal is sacred, the religion without castes is sacred, and it is universally accepted.dr.m.danasekaran.d.a., b.a., m.a., m.phil., ph.d., embeddedurl
education is the place where learning begins but ends nowhere it itself is free of all the forces, age, sex, cast, religion, and region. gallegladiators_millionsmiles
pointlessspike jewthulhu gol_mia realdjcthulhu good point, it's just one of my hot buttons since i experienced a moderately abusive christian conservative upbringing. i kinda rage out when people say religion has value and whitewash or defend it, y'know? nothing against you
a trail with pristine nature, full of history and religion where a saint used to walk regularly discover mothertheresa’s childhood ritual to village of letnica in kosovo to visit black madonna statue embeddedurl eu_near euhouseskopje ambassadoreu eukosovo
yaf long history of the world? it is a land of immigrants who used slave labour, stole native and indigenous land, who left where they came from cuz they wanted a different way of life … to practice religion the way they chose and offer hope to whomever had the correct skin color!
tomdelonge according to the earliest of recorded history we got, polytheistic religion of the people of sumer. brainblocked again by the burning of alexandria's library.
kangana500 dharma or religion define d meaning abdul kalam has define d meaning n has followed in his life simple living vry vry high thinking missile man embeddedurl
a discussion of religion is not the same as a study of the bible. ~ 1 timothy 6:4; 2 timothy 2:14, 23; titus 3:9 versus james 1:25
religion can't change, what's wrong is wrong, hamilton just must not race in jeddah if he has a problem with their rules and beliefs... embeddedurl
perception can also be influenced. media, education, religion, ideas... everywhere we go, we are subjected to constructed messages about the world we live in. it’s easy to accept everything wholesale & not question what we are fed but that leads to warped perceptions. embeddedurl
jackasaurus3 not to mention that christianity, in all it's forms, is not the world's largest religion.
mobilepunch are these people really normal? what does this man really want to achieve? why did mbuhari come to power, if not to solve problems? misuse of religion is a catastrophe in human society
dshwa76 gjorgemedina dukepress ajeanstevenson josh is right. if our scotus weren't captured by minority-party zealotry that has perverted democracy via voter suppression, the constitution would protect us from theocrats imposing the notion of "souls" at conception. abortion is healthcare; banning it ends freedom of religion.
these antiwhites are even deny non-whites an identity when notantiwhiteenoughfortheantiwhites. in this case by using an antiwhiteslur "karen". yet, another reason the wellbeing of westernkind is beneficial for everybody of every race, religion, and background. embeddedurl
i swear on everything that is holy that i do not represent any god or any religion. i'm not a spokesperson. i'm not a voice for any god or higher power. i only speak for myself and my reasoning and my logic. if nothing else, hear me now.
after observing so many things going on in africa, my question is: is religion a curse or a blessing in africa? churchorcult africa islam havefaith biblicalsmoke
in "record-setting" results, true religion pulled in $7 million of e-commerce sales during this year's cyber week. a 45% increase compared to last years' numbers is nothing short of spectacular! retaildive truereligion embeddedurl
as a functional atheist mormonism doesn't seem any more or less peculiar to me than any other religion -- and i enjoy learning from and about religions.
not only msalitimtkenya but also religion! we're one kenya, one people and no politician should divide us across religious beliefs! embeddedurl
demonsaifi kspeedtric losttemple7 he is reffering that from the authentic source of yours religion , don't mind but this one liner defend ing won't work anymore
i don’t trust a damn thing coming out of bourgeois scientific/medical bodies anymore, especially when: it’s based on models; it’s proponents use the language of religion; it’s used to produce panic and weaponizes fear of death; it’s pushed by billionaires and monarchs. embeddedurl
plan b - blame it on religion deliveryguy embeddedurl
how hard is it for these extremists to understand that people are not answerable to them for their beliefs? killing someone brutally over religion will only increase islamophobia but they're too naive to get that. sick to my core for what happened. sialkot
dkphil daviddesteno c_stroop rdispatches i think if you use the idea of ‘family resemblance’ you will see religion in places that are not traditional assigned religion. and i think that messes with the idea of religious vs non-religious.
israel is toxic. and don't tell me i'm anti-semitic. i'm talking about a government, not a religion. embeddedurl
hesanaughtyboy i loathe religion
ammarad35612335 sadihache epilepticoislam apostatealaddin us murtads are really intellectually smart and rational. we used our intellect to question islam, it became unrealistic to us the deeper we went and we had the guts to say this religion is not true. while you choose blind faith.
if u r emotionally attached 2 your tribe, religion or political leaning towards z point that truth and justice become secondary considerations, your education is useless.your exposure is useless. if u cannot reason beyond petty sentiments, u are a liability to mankind. dr. chuba
imrannwani same here bro and the one who support our cause independentkashmir i have respect and love for them in my heart peacelovers r following 1 common religion humanity : life was never meant to be a struggle freekashmir is my cause to be alive allah kareem kashmirbleeds embeddedurl
thenuttybroker mikedork1 darklady4202 billygedwardsch mikeb1milehi happened to me and i'm on the fence but will not fall into religion.
femgirlvr aibagawa ladybird2006 meanwhileipaint robrousseau jk_rowling no. only adherents to the religion believe in the existence of gender identity.
when the number of polish students going to religion class finally drops to 0% embeddedurl
how secular vijaynagar kingdom was betrayed in name of religion in midst of fight with ahmadnagar sultanate. embeddedurl
heres more.. narendramodi govt made it mandatory to declare religion in indian citizenship form.. but hc has ruled in 2014 that religion need not be mentioned in govt forms... so you are violating court orders... so what is religion under caa? embeddedurl
even science is a religion. we simply are so focused on the reductive narrative that we don't see that aspect of human nature remain the same
. people love to be part of something l a r g e r !!! . could be olympics or scouts or a cause group or religion. . & sometimes that works out really well, obviously . i’m pole vault ?!? . embeddedurl
i’ve always imagined this as one community with people from all over the world. no matter race, religion, ethnicity, background, cultural where we come together to help those who can’t help themselves and be apart of a movement to change the mindset of the world. embeddedurl
lalawoodd xxabdellah whyazai sirmikeedwards moha_oz mosalah i'm fully aware that the term "religion" can be defined in multiple ways and that the borderline between religion and culture is not always clear. but saying that religions didn't exist 1400 years ago is an incorrect statement.
favouryusuf1 pfemiolaleye ...by conquest to africans. if by any chance some other religion had been adopted by constantine, christianity would probably be a fringe religion like manichaeism or zoroastrianism is today (which coincidentally share a lot of beliefs with christianity)
cadreba bearwolfthunder smidbot dingbatqueen nubyplaysgaming cleon wolfrum good attempt but ill give you a 2/10 you're a coward and your religion is dangerous. peace.
rt nooneunscripted: stupidity is not a religion!
imoutahere2014 amitaryamd won't happen, because the vast majority of them agree with the bill, which is a completely reasonable secularist bill. public teaching should not be influenced by any religion, this is what we mostly believe. and yes, all of them. catholicism ended in the 60s here.
theguyjonesman emmmieg mmbakner keitholbermann how do you reckon that? your own data forced a “religious” level test on it to show the total happiness scale. how can one atheist be “more religious” than another atheist? you’ve dodged this question all day while declaring an oppressive religion must be telling the truth.
part : 1 sikhism, religion and philosophy founded in the punjab region of the indian subcontinent in the late 15th century. its members are known as sikhs. the sikhs call their faith gurmat (punjabi: “the way of the guru”). 1/4 sikhhistory embeddedurl
life’s tapestry of love: all i want for christmas 4 embeddedurl christmas2021 christmascountdown2021 christmas2021 christmasiscoming religion religious spiritual christmascountdown christmas christmasrefresh christmasgifts seasonsgreetings makingmerry
arizonacrusader as a christian, i’d bet it’s that a lot of other christians don’t respect their choice. i don’t have to agree, but why should it mean i have to push religion on someone? it’s off-putting & rude. i have a lot of friends who don’t believe in god, but they believe in our friendship.
tmafaisal please helping $4 million dollars my mother ko blood cancers ha name: shahzib soomro father name :zaheeruddin religion: islam city: shikarpur country: pakistan js bank account number :pk10jsbl9116000001492150 zaheeruddin soomro sindh pakistan
to get to be with god, human beings must seek all things that are of god through the lord jesus christ, the only begotten son of god (john 1:18) embeddedurl holyspirit jesus christ bible scriptures scripture truth life religion salvation redemption life
religion of peace mohmahfudmd majelisulamaid muipusat kemenag_ri dpr_ri itjen_kemdikbud kemkominfo polhukamri kemendagri_ri jokowi nadiemmakarim kemdikbud_ri na_dirs divhumas_polri komnasham aagym ridwankamil bnptri kpai_official listyosigitp??? embeddedurl
lopezresists we all need to start making note of the religion politicians aspire to. those values need to be factored in regardless of what they say they believe in. it can be clearly seen not only in what they do, but also what they won't do when the chips are down. embeddedurl
any religion wise analysis on similar basis available? embeddedurl
rajeev68893 is it wrong to come forward for nation and religion and serve for the public welfare ?? sant shri asharamji bapu has dedicated himself to the nation for the last several years, then why is injustice being done to innocent bapuji ?? अनदेखा_सच embeddedurl
jessekellydc it’s because they’re atheists with no moral qualms about doing anything in service of their secular religion.
please speak up about this. millions of innocent people are murdered in the name of religion ever year. the media coverage is low because we’re south asian countries. but priyantha deserves justice. read full story here: embeddedurl
realspiritual_knowledge supreme saintrampaljim ji is guiding the society towards the most authentic and correct path of spiritualism and all his spiritual discourses are based on our own religion’s holy scriptures.
manusmriti might be a regressive book.but so is quran.will any intellectual dare burn it? no. hinduism is inherently tolerant. this makes it a living & thriving religion. it has now grown beyond caste.and the hindu unity emerging in last 7 years is troubling many मनुस्मृती
opindia_in i fully agree with sidhu. but this rule must be applicable to whosoever insults any religion and not a particular one.
this religion would be nothing without sayeda zainabس
jillfilipovic i went to a catholic hs in nj. my senior year religion was taught by a nun, she told our class that she felt they were doing us a disservice not teaching us about birth control as she knew many of us were or would be having sex. she wasn’t wrong.
scientology scum, it's all about the money, your religion is a joke, and how many people have you killed?
soonergrunt drjengunter good thing i'm arguing about biology and not religion. embeddedurl
revdaniel as if an abrahamic sects’ bylaw disputes are newsworthy. no creator has shown up yet. when one does it’ll more likely reconcile which religion is true. this is a group project in which every person is an equal participant and we could learn from anyone.
tv28/12/58 itv 5.35:robin hood 6.5:news 6.15:the sunday break 7.0:about religion 7.25:news 7.30:m squad 8.0:val parnell's sunday night at the london palladium 9.0:news 9.5:dotto 9.35:african patrol 10.5:armchair theatre 11.10:top numbers of 1958 embeddedurl
i don't want to force my daughter into a religion, to worship a supernatural being whether existent or non-existent that's for her to decide. mimi yangu ni akule ugali matumbo basi kwisha kazi.
kipro_hon it is almost 0% percent or nada to trust those politicians who use the phrase"bwana asifiwe"each other time they engage with the members of the public for i do not know which"bwana"they refer to. indeed, religious is an opium for the fools. god is not interested about religion.
equating abortion to segregation isn't just offensive, it's also fundamentally illogical. forced birth *follows* the tradition of white supremacist laws: it wields twisted religion to restrict others' freedom.
there is great value in reading books outside of your religion or tradition to expand your perspective and deeper your understanding.
forcing religion on your kids isn’t going to make them love god more or keep them out of trouble. it has the opposite effect & typically pushes them away. there isn’t one path to god, you can love & worship him in your own way. i wish more old gen parents realized this.
ordinary1world going forward, then... i believe we need to get rid of religion because not only is it just myths stone- and bronze-age people made up to try and explain the world around them, but because it's one of the primary mechanisms used to manipulate and control people. also...
two expectations i learnt after listening to my muslim friends: – hindu religious leaders come forward and condemn in the strongest words what's happening in our religion's name – politicians simply say you can't give a call for genocide of muslims this is the bare minimum!
eoghanwalsh my sister in law said i was “the enemy,”because i left my hard core fundamentalist religion and conservative politics of my family, esp after trumpism took root
fake media fakemoon landing fake religion stop the army embeddedurl
stevecameronpr1 janusseer he’s making selfishness a religion? how does that work, exactly? worshipping on the altar of his own ego?
science is not religion. scientists are not clergymen. if you "believe in science" and "trust the experts", you've got science and religion mixed up.
beahumane1st ndtv hindu religion is one of the religions which embraces all to live, as long as they do not interfere or impact any other religious activity....for eg: you cannot so namaz on road, do it in ur peace, etc..
"universal god soldier" at ugs we are united in love & wisdom. no matter your race, culture, religion or sex. follow us on our social media! ig : ugsgod2021 twitter : ugsgod1 ytube : ugs god listen to our regular podcast & sermon - radio station : embeddedurl embeddedurl
religion will never make me straight lol gtfo embeddedurl
diamondlynne1 commercialism getting nailed by religion! you knew it was only a matter of time! lmfaotv embeddedurl
jablonblon she found religion, then lost it behind the couch. she was pretty active with her fb community at least a few years ago
young girls will be given in marriage to corrupt men who are not even good muslims. they neglect the basics of religion and girls are even given i marriage to settle disputes without their consent. this backwards oppression of women should have ended 1000s of years ago.
adhpio it’s so sad you have to post stuff like this. perhaps if arkansans took science as seriously as they do religion we wouldn’t need to beg people to care enough about others to do the right thing. thanks religious legislators. you’ve dug enough graves
getm_buyincome themrherrera limit___less saveyoursons issues of the flesh, i agree. this is where religion, culture, and individual values come into play.
rt bolfak: hellbound on netflix should help y’all demystify religion
s only then they can spit on the pooja n other items used in the temple.. don't understand these verdicts in support of the people who call other religion followers as kafirs n god's as devils this fake secularist idea is going to destabilize our foundations. embeddedurl
centralnyguy potatothirst happycrazytown sentedcruz "made for religious and holy people". could literally refer to any religious person. when he said "moral and religious people", again can apply to literally anyone since you don't need religion to learn or have morals.
"it is well known that in every century of the christian era the church’s latin liturgy in its various forms has inspired countless saints in their spiritual life, confirmed many peoples in the virtue of religion and enriched their devotion." - pope benedict xvi embeddedurl
radiofreetom and why do evangelical christians love israel. it’s not because they love jewish people. in fact,they want christianity to be the law of the land. i’m christian but i do t want any religion to be the law of the land. separation of church and state. what a concept.
i love christmas for so many reasons...but i have never experienced other religion or culture holidays. so i picked one. want to know which? women holiday celebration hanukkah hive hiveblogshare embeddedurl
kylegriffin1 if you’re teaching children you should be vaccinated, religion or not
i'm glad my parents told me the truth about santa & didn't lie to me. they just physically & emotionally abused me...& weaponized religion against me. but at least they didn't let me believe in a jolly, old, plump christian saint who gives presents to children. :upside-down_face:
remember the many syrian, iranian, lebanese, afghans, and other muslim heroes who stood against isis savagery in aleppo & saved the lives of many though they didn't share the same religion. remember the christian countries that stood on the other side & supported the atrocities. embeddedurl
religion is dangerous. it comes with unknown fear such as hell and heaven.
don’t use religion to guilt trip anyone
religion was developed as a coping mechanism to explain what we didn't understand. it belongs in the dark ages. it serves no purpose other than to oppress others in this day and age. religion has no place in politics yet these nuts are making laws based on these fairytales.
sahara52166573 monotheist religions are all misogynist. freedom for women implies freedom from male-based religion as well. so to answer, it should not be different in muslim countries that it is in christian or jewish ones. on the other side, some countries have a longer road to go...
watch pulitzer-prize winning author jack miles discuss three common ways in which arguments about religion are typically resolved and propose a fourth way for arguing about religion and never lose. the video premiers on wed. dec. 22 at 12:00 pm est. embeddedurl embeddedurl
shamanic drums and psychedelics are religion you can feel. embeddedurl
pay us to handle your; religion homework spss algebra mba arts psychology proposals exams geometry ecology physics essay mechanics ✓english maths excel geography assignments statistics english engineering law lab report bibliography ✓dissertations dm us reserchjoe embeddedurl
mtgreenee *fake religion lmao
chinmaybarik21 shaikhzareen7 khushi7521 hussain_hrw kinggggg770770 ahmadkhalidbro atherzai khangirl__123 hinaaltaf78 nagrik21 queen_anne342 the first past religion is islam, the oldest of all.
rt sandy___ss: so what he is promoting by doing this ? himself, rss, bjp, religion, bigotry, all of above.
dlsmith0817 abaddon12346 lollllllajr veravelfalsa humanitarianpr boumedi80195570 copia_copma1 benjamlntucker hanneyangel initiative_insp maccabi226km manifesto2000 mlirh hulkofpalestine evilestfool iq15991967 emmettimanu for_americans nkippur rogerla67397096 p3ng1z angieshermua weinsteindr persian70509610 minskeeeleh dny1818 pen_bird siobanvict lisa20102019 david_starof noah_guttman airwolf114nl fz0zmvx4bgd84ly a_zionist altleftto screenstarr storey2bob sleepyhead513 namjoonandme12 mierash_ mirloxxbob graaaaand johnnyyoussef7 adrienwolf13 fadilnazih amisraelchai41 majkusinagi giheme corblimeyjeremy josephmeadors just like judaism and zionism, ones a religion, the other is a sovereign state with “jewish” followers only. doesn’t that sound familiar?
rt bigdadbelly1: another sleepy driver loses control. merry christmas from the religion of peace
missionary (the term) is associated with religion.... how did it end up rivalry to a doggy style south africa? embeddedurl
let me introduce you to my religion. thesandboxalpha thesandbox cryptocurrency allhailrubberducky nfts nft embeddedurl
mattgubba the fastest growing religion to quote zuby
daisymaine7 the only religion that forbids vaccines is christian scientist. and christian scientists also forbid "the devil's" music which is what 8123 fest is by their standards
ladyjaypersists co_rapunzel4 republicans have chosen that belief in science is optional. but they consider religion sacrosanct. and it can be anything they want it to be. this is not only dysfunctional, it's diseased. trumpism totally infected republicans to eschew facts in lieu of falsehoods. embeddedurl
singhtimsi deal with depression a non political personality youngster need to be guided we are sanaatani respect all religion
supported assisted suicide supported woman’s choice over abortion supported women priests supported lgbtq rights rejected apartheid rejected religion in politics "a person is a person through other persons" rip archbishop desmond tutu. the world is a better place because of you
thelilynews cakitchener this sentence right here is the problem. keep god and religion out of it!!!! embeddedurl
rt lazarus1940: fatah: killing in the name of religion throughout 2021 embeddedurl another on target piece by fatah.
kosherbatman mezcalmaniac queeralamode emi_montecano no, it doesn't. i can be against a "jewish state" without being against judaism. every state build on religion is a bad state.
"dancing in the name of culture is much much better than killing in the name of religion: pervez hoodbhoy " sindhiculturalday2021 embeddedurl
changing my religion to affinity designer
if you check the english dictionary, you'll discover the word cult is not even a bad thing in itself. it's how that cult operates that determines. religion is a cult. school is a cult. even the family is a cult. embeddedurl
among other things, a frontal assault on one of the most important aspects of free excercise of religion. embeddedurl
how is this crowd better than hindutva mobs lynching in the name of religion and patriotism? ashamed beyond words. embeddedurl
men & women are physical categories. there are no men who are physically less men than other men. there are no men who are physically more women than other men. men are men. sex denialism is a cult religion. proreality menaremen embeddedurl
if you believe in a god because you believe in a religion or the rituals then you are following a process. faith is not a ritualistic process. you could find your faith and rely on it no matter what religion you are born in or choose to follow or not later.
imrankhanpti mr khan resign as the responsibility of this incident lies with your masters who prompted this extremist mindset nd puppets as you perpetuated this mindset. you people have already deprived us of worldly pocessions, why do you want to ruin our after live.stop employing religion..
aspie_arin what religion doesn’t require faith?
look up the wef/great reset under klaus schwab, incidentally leo is a wef regarded world leader !.....there is a play to remove national borders/create sexual fluidity/transhumanists/have a unified world religion/depopulate even gates cited a figure reduction by vax of 1.5b embeddedurl
michaelzarrabi i dont mind talking about religion with sane people. its the "prosperity gospel" and the ones that think aliens are actually fallen angels i have a hard time with.
u kill coz someone touches ur holy book. u kill, coz someone hurls abuses at ur religious leader, prophet or god. u kill coz someone dislikes ur religion. u snatch a life out of someone...jst coz someone is disrespectful. good going humans... u r a true religious being.
salvation is a free gift paid for by the precious blood of christ. there are works god prepared for us to do as his children, we must first be saved. salvation is not by works. when you blend the two, you fall into the trap of a dead works based false religion. embeddedurl embeddedurl
book your place on our online introduction to blackstudies course starting in january 2022. an introduction to the study of blackhistory, politics, sociology, psychology, science, art, music and religion. for more info + to book, go embeddedurl knowthyself embeddedurl
mgrace damoadelaide no answer would satisfy me?? how about the hypocrisy of religion be recognised.
listen embeddedurl in case you are wondering what this new single mons vaticanus by ziggy marley is all is it a christmas song... a holiday song? „this song is for the children who suffered unmentionable harm under institutionalized religion.“ embeddedurl
amicum_magnum religion has a chokehold on africans
thank you bad religion for spending 1,347 minutes with me this year on spotify. you are my 1. spotifywrapped embeddedurl
kaizenkc comradebanana_ centerassenter siddtheduck darth_jazious nocapclapbacks it is normal to not know things about another person's reality. i am still learning, not only about race, but about gender, culture, nationality, religion, age, disability, and more. if anyone tells me that they know it all, i'm saying they lie. racism is born from ignorance.
millennials lead shift away from organized religion as pandemic tests americans' faith embeddedurl
irhamzin1 yeah, similar to the case of taklik vaccine before. the women took vaccine without her husband's consent but because it's not something that prohibited in religion as well as to protect one's life, it's okay to do so but i do wanted to knw what the experts have to say about this
it's 2021 and some people at work are still mocking my religion. grow up, peeps.
indiandiaspora in uk refuses to get divided by provocation from mp, preetkgillmp. the sikhs, hindus & all religion stand shoulder to shoulder & condemn this ‘regretful’,‘irresponsible’ attempt of divide & rule uklabour & parliamentary committee must take action against her. embeddedurl
murder of army personnel in gurdwara over alleged blasphemy: radicals continue to justify the crime, demand strict law against disrespect of religion embeddedurl
saqibiqballagh2 so what? people are allowed to say there are certain things they cant relate to or don't like in a religion. why do yall over react for every little thing?! you do you. don't have this mob mentality. god will understand. instead people abusing in the name if god is ....
sridhar82258868 is your religion so weak that people can easily leave it for money or even for a bag of rice? that hurts. doesn't it?
1/2 all lives matter, but hazara lives are exeptions: we are here dying repectivly in homeland, 1000s of hazara people are dying here time by time and in deep silence. no one cares about what is exactly going on here on hazaras. from every country, from every religion.. embeddedurl
soullight162 they both follow christian beliefs, jehova's witnesses just take it to the extreme. they think they're the one true religion, and everyone else who isn't a jw is destined to be destroyed.
theogpianogeek depends what they stand for politically. i don't care about your religion when it comes to politics. i care if you are the right candidate for the job.
rickygervais got to be a religion, there are enough suckers out there. i'd also offer a 5% ticket discount to become a devout worshipper of the ricky.
themaskbeneath it is just about every group of the upper caste hindus, their religion currently seems to be muslim hate. that’s an unfortunate fact!
rt stlatheists01: ”religion is like a blind man looking in a black room for a black cat that isn’t there, and finding it”.
iamveillol ismailomarahlan abu_kutub at least we are trying. but in pakistan we don’t kill journalists . we don’t impose our brand of religion on other countries. in fact all the instability in countries like ours is because of the evil called family of saud.
i hate seminary. i hate seminary. i hate seminary. i hate seminary. i hate seminary. i hate seminary. i hate this fucking religion bullshit. i hate this homophobic bullish. i hate this transphobic bullshit. i hate this sexist bullshit. i hate fucking seminary.
redarlene richardclip it’s not just him, and therein lies the problem. the rs have been planning on becoming the single governing authority with one religion for many years. how long hav you heard about the “moral majority”? he was/is their blunt tool.
medwoman1 outafter_dark coachmeliz bitterclingerpa adorablepodcast stevieanntas abovenun jgainsbourgh ahrehead wanderinglord jencages krispi_largo badams820 annaeck73 ziggywilde rjocore989 txwomenresist thelivingkira stopthepewpew pfr_strength rsrap4 robfrommo sapienwoman 1quetzalcoatl1 cerulea78083156 denisrbara questionbot1776 raginxcajun moonpearl_amity r_i_p_s_a_w vickie627 last_individual npwdbackup1 smartassicus freshell2 _dream_out_loud thndrdude drwaldo2 bettyborsalino zennginger janekn0wsbest mshavisham nothinglessall judywhat34 scaevala tjsnodgrassier jwfrompville stephfeminist traveler3906 atheist atheism is a religion.
it's high time religious parents understood that, their anti-theist children have an understanding of their own, n must be allowed to live in the light of their own understanding. i detest religion imposition!!
abedinireza2 as i said, everything goes back to epistemology when you can not distinguish between a thief and a clergyman, it means that you do not understand anything about religion and the place of the clergy in religion and that means ambition has influenced your perspective on this issue
virk_rajkaran jrd123450 n4netrasharma thetribunechd all the hindi people who go to gurdwara their next generation will be cured from stone worshiping. hindu hindi is cultural identity it has nothing to do with religion. just like punjabi is a cultural identity. punjabi can be sikhs, muslim, or christian etc. same hindi can be sikh
lauren_barbato alison robertson (here via equinoxpub) has written on religion and kink. might be a bit too advanced for now rel students, but could be worth a look! embeddedurl
iamahindunothindutvawadi has a nice ring to it. probably, he over did it when he said - this nation is of hindus & not hindutvawadis. this nation is of the people who reside here. irrespective of their religion. including the hindutvawadis.
will you tweet on freeing up temples from govt control so that govt keeps religion away?? embeddedurl
steve_hanke religious brokerage of the softa class should not be allowed.those who benefit financially from religion. they are disgusting people. we are against this situation and we do not allow it.mustafa kemal atatürk therefore all traitors and religious merchants are still hostile to him
kilgorimustapha sugabelly even in your religion, adam and eve were naked all through before they brought sin into the world... do you thank god for that also?
north_star88 a country made of religion, for religion & ruled by religion. founder set th tone, ppl r following th founders.
ashish74736587 logic_tweet_ basmati_chol amaanbali oh don't differentiate on basis of religion. i am also against murder but not in this case if judiciary has done their work properly. sikhs have not got justice in 2015 sacrilege cases, and two days ago a man teard gutka sahib and throwed in sarover &. no update on that case also
m_apatrick profbraincox profbriancox like religion, unbearable
colindbennett amandaleftcoast rational??? can any religion be called rational? i suppose that's the point of having faith, because the whole concept is so irrational - anyway, i'm of the unclean & faithless
religion cannot be killed, its part of what keeps the world turning, bc it’s in line with gods will
morrison/lnp worse than 'nero fiddling while rome burned' - it's sacrificing aussies to his wealth god thru covid sickness+death so his business mates can increase wealth. is danger of religion+ politics mix. if god's reward to "good" is wealth, bad poor dying for wealthy is ok embeddedurl
senatorlankford do you also mean vaginas? or are you gonna keep climbing into all the women’s while screaming about your religion?
i’ve never feel rushing to get married bcos my religion doesnt force me to, but to love instead. or is it bcos i dont read new testament much or the new testament dont talk much about about marriage
guest : is the state the new dominant religion? cspanwj
sreenivasanjain blatant misuse of office by mixing religion and politics. it's unconstitutional in spirit and ethos, and opposed to secularism in all definitions. opposition parties also shouldn't follow this example. the govt. officers shouldnt b just for the hindus,by the hindus, of the hindus
aim_of_santrampaljimaharaj any person who worships supreme god kabir ji, can take initiation from spiritual leader jagatguru tatvdarshi sant rampal ji maharaj ji irrespective of his caste, creed, colour, faith or religion because god has created every human being equal. embeddedurl
amritsar, historically also known as ramdaspur & colloquially as ambarsar, a city in north-west india. the spiritual center for sikh religion. home to the harmand ... embeddedurl
incindia make a opposition strong. give a alternative of modi to the nation. give a agenda of development to the nation. you can't defeat modi on the ground of religion talk about development,job,and swiz bank black money.
being a famous “christian” doesn’t necessarily make you a follower of jesus. it most often means you know how to play the religion game. bible christian discipleship jesus
some women lose a child during pregnancy and it destroys them emotionally, while other women purposely murder their unborn child and feel no remorse. this isn't just a matter of religion and morality. it's a matter of sanity vs insanity. abortion roevwade
panindependent lilainla historycourses it’s a religion and an ethnicity
scattered211 faux religion. these extremists are not truly christians
homecominglol if we dont do these damn extremes i swear to everything holy in every religion ever created
ani the one who does not know his own religion, he is also telling what is hindutva.
every religion is same ....!!!!! embeddedurl
rt iam_daposh: _spiriitual if you go by philosophy and logic = sense! if you go by religion = nonsense!
takeheartmonica you’re not going to agree on everything everyone is doing. you clearly don’t agree with this, but why bother getting so fixated on it. you’re belief in religion is so strong yet to some it’s nonsense. if those people fixated on your belief everyday you’d think the same thing
it's a day of highly dramatic events in the osce region, but our day-to-day work to promote human rights go on unabated in all areas, including freedom of religion or belief. join the nhc's ipp_forb to discus key trends with leading experts. hosted by osce, online at 2 pm. embeddedurl
i don’t think men can truly ever resist religion or understand how bad it can be on women or minorities. ome day when they will lose a little they will find solace in religion. it’s horribly disgusting to me how men can trust a god or a religion.
modi uses politics for religion. while at varanasi, inaugurating the kashi-vishwanath corridor, modi was seen performing elaborate hindu rituals. this comes naturally to him. it is because he is more of a hindu leader who happens to be in politics. embeddedurl
husbandofhisu neeraj_rao991 robinb369 abraham_chacko ankush25 theskindoctor13 rahulgandhi cult not religion
for an overwhelming majority of people in the uk, this time of year has nothing to do with religion and everything to do with celebrating the life we have with the people we love.’ andrewcopson
reaper9602 shah_ikram jignesh2096 swaroopkariath bairagibabe joydas who told you to leave your religion doe?
craigjirwin we appreciate your dedication to the religion! ashes
engels on the other hand says in the principles of communism - "the proletarian can free himself only by abolishing private property as a whole." buddhism, like all other philosophies of the time(except charvaka) ,was/is a patriarchal philosophy/religion e.g. the tale of sudinna.
stepville another psychopath ruling on our lives. putting her fucked up religion first. what an awful human being.
it is the supreme religion of humanity teach by st. gurmeetramrahim singh ji insan to his million of devotees and initiated "shubh kamna" under which the volunteers of dss are providing fruit kits to the needy patients of various government hospitals. dsswishinghealthforall embeddedurl
well:globe_showing_asia-australia:s system’s r laughing rub hands 2gether this what i believe their master of wants us & them if not racism sexism ageism religion now maskisms vacisms we all start rage against each other over this stop please i’m vac’d only anger those not won’t solve anything like wars embeddedurl
what is in the bill sen_joemanchin refused to on fox? should we kill the filibuster to pass voting rights bill that joe lewis fought for? should we march for goodtrouble we cannot have democracy freedom liberty &right to our own religion! embeddedurl embeddedurl
bharadwajspeaks who is talking ? one who is ranting hate against other religion including sc/st day and night need mental peace when somebody exposed him naked
iamharry007 iamsrk sir aap dhonism pai kuch tweet nahi kar rahe h... religion badal liye kya
innuendo_gnome im glad you know me so well to know what religion i believe in, fortunately for me you are incorrect. you seem very ignorant
cabinet cleared bill to increase marriage age of girls 21 years and it's applicable to all irrespective of religion. population control and uniform civil code in one go. real ram rajya and equality before law,art 14 of indian constitution.
a wonderful gesture by .maryam_rajavi who believes in freedom of religion! paying respect to christians in their own home merrychristmas embeddedurl
rep. marjorie taylor greene rants against ‘fake religion’ kwanzaa as black holiday begins embeddedurl via yahoo
nasbeenthat mykael_yuddy lf_tunde leave me alone i'm trying to watch something more realistic than your religion (the witcher)
arrest_bajrangdal_goons killing of an innocent man in the name of religion without any valid reason... is this hooliganism taught in the name of religion in bajrang dal? shame on you!! embeddedurl
is it ok for radio or tv announcers to propagate their religion on social media or msm ? is it only ok if you are a sickular or .......
subhash_kak ajju_kumar2021 i am sure it should be. when it comes to religion especially the minority religions, who will bell the cat?
jacob_rees_mogg lies, damned lies and conservatives. those who claim to follow the teachings of christianity* while also promoting right wing ideology are lying about their practice of one of them. my money is on the former. you lie so easily. john 8:44. *or any other mainstream religion. embeddedurl
japhettaula yas kween religion remix :smiling_face_with_heart-eyes:
ancientcivi ccrebel1 yash_dehlvi_ i don't support that movement. aur ham sab ko ye koshish karni hai ki, sc reservation for all religion kabhi na ho
h_ahmed5 ramanvirdi21 nehakhanna_07 zoo_bear we don't believe any religion for us hinduism,islam,christanity and judaism are religion for us religion mean "dharama" which portrays righteousness, duty and social welfare and now just tell me how many muslims go to temples,gurdwara or church do u consider all dharam are same?
tinou42efepulvs sheila_seattle anshisatya yes, the same india is the country where young people can be killed for marrying a person of a lower caste, let alone other religion. where police are often complicit in pressurising them, threatening them. i wonder why we consciously choose to blind ourselves.
adambeals1984 nick_nasti allynarcher reneealida they've never shoved religion down anyone's throat...
q doen't mean queen but it q-uran, "michael" jackson became "mikael" after his conversion to islam. crislam is their mind-control religion in their new high security prism : equity & inclusiveness for all the slaves (continued) embeddedurl
cwebbonline they don’t. living, working & then immigrating to the developed world, the most notable observation is that usa, in particular, has a bully-arrogant god complex issue in the name of “patriotism” be it political party, the military, the flag, ‘rights’, guns, sport, religion..
is the ahmadiyya muslim community a new religion? as far as the ahmadiyya jamaat is concerned, it is not a new religion (1/4) universe we_support_abotreka lisa rose allah islam worldaidsday2021 omicronvarient peace love forgiveness family humanity quran embeddedurl
the problem: democracy and fascism/oppression, use the same 'tools; institutionalism/doctrine/race/gender/religion wrapped in a flag of choice. the solution: asking who is 'waiving' said flag, and why.. :money-mouth_face::face_with_crossed-out_eyes: embeddedurl
repmorgan did you and your "friend" discuss your point of view on religion and racism before she appropriately stopped allowing you to pretend to be friends with her? embeddedurl
uhsxopes tzoquit trent7k i litterly just told you where i’m from afghanistan who are you to tell me what my religion is
patriot4god11 aj_donwilliams yeah, but those leach religion adherents are a vocal bunch.
"freedom of speech never infringes on freedom of religion. if your freedom of religion entails that you force those who do not share it to conform to it, well that's not freedom of religion. we have a word for that – that's theocracy." sam harris embeddedurl
raunoch respete love is religion
haramiparindey depend karta hai.... i guess life mein ek koi goal hona chahiye which is bigger than any person. at the end it ties to how content you are. log haste haste country ke liye, religion ke liye jaan de dete hai.
sidheartxwolf pratiksidheart pehligalti kbushra097 millionideas101 peepoye_ colorstv beingsalmankhan first of all fandom ka hai nhi kya pta. lekin religion ka nhi hai islye bhonk rha tha,
samklef because christianity is the only religion in nigeria abi?
indguevara zoo_bear nadircazi narendramodi altnews not continuing thread with you. i stand by my belief. my religion my connection with allah is by my understanding of islam. when i wish merry christmas my intent is to not disrespect islam. it's only to spread brotherhood & inclusiveness. allah knows my intent. that's fine 4 me.
jewishnewsuk davidlammy i do not care what religion someone is,what their skin colour is,or anything about their sex life,what i hate above all else is a hypocrite and lammy you hit the mark mate embeddedurl
we reject this anti people, anti-choice bill that the government is trying to force in our lives. we reject the idea of the state deciding what language we speak, what food we eat, who we love and what religion we must practice rejectconversionbill stophatepolitics embeddedurl
rfi we are going to kill each other be cause of religions ceremony . we are all suns of god, religion can't bring us in paradise
"no student of english history can fail to see that religion was from the very first mingled with the sense of english identity, and that the history of english religion and the history of england are in many epochs inseparable" england: an elegy
robinhancock99 craigthejr fionabygaslight rhysgeopolitics lbc docstockk iaindale what she criticizes, from a philosophical standpoint, is the theory of gender identity. as a concept. because it is a freaking theory. not a religion. she says gender identity is not more important than the biological reality of being female
rt zarakayk: sums up my feelings about religion. embeddedurl
more than 1300 islamic history of indo pak subcontient .islam is never remains a threat to any religion .all live together peacefully but in last 7 yrs of modi regieme islam become a so called threat to hinduism.let me clear islam is not threat to hinduam except modism.
anarchistnew chaosismel drliv69 there are actual real life flag waving neo nazis in ukraine's military u clown. the country regularly venerates pogromists and their state religion appears to be militant anticommunism. im not certain u understand fascism. like at all lmao
sunnychuks ogbenidipo if this is the level ur claimed religion can offer ....then i am dissapointed once again
joluehmann daily reminder, there’s a reason there are no great female philosophers or founders of religion, and they shouldn’t have authority over anyone besides small children embeddedurl
meaning of secularism in india from nehruvian time. control hindu temples, take temple money and cross subsidy to mosque. no religion in public schools but tax payers fund to madrasas to preach islam no to somnath temple revival but tax payer's money to subsidise haj pilgrimage embeddedurl
and so many of these shitty sales jobs pretending to be marketing jobs are scammy af. even if they aren't built around pyramid schemes they're still full of these people who treat their job like a religion and it's pretty gross.
lucalush house music is the only religion to believe in
so you decided to fill the void of religion in your life with astrology
having just been down in the carolinas this past week, i can confirm bojangles is a religion in the south. i felt i saw one every few miles and cars wrapped around the building. embeddedurl
on this day in 1955, johnny cash released "folsom prison blues." on this day in 2019, luke bryan bought $500 worth of true religion skinny jeans with sparkly designs on the back pockets.
if you believe in democracy never immigrate to australia one day you’ll regret it. every thing is done behind your back to comply no matter what you don’t like in australia, from the mps, pm, police, local councils, schools, universities, religion, sex, food
ogbenidipo fatinagari i do same with my non-muslims friends & they do likewise with me. but countries where a particular religion is dominant should be careful not to make the dominant religion subtly binding on minorities. the world must consciously strive to uphold true pluralism.
fredwardbeck ericarhill jimsciutto newday cnn "cnn religion commentator" embeddedurl
cdhoweinstitute kieranlquinn jamesdownar sarina_isenberg i would suggest the last cold dead hand of religion in that our lives are not our own and they belong to god etc. and that we don’t have bodily autonomy. let’s eliminate that and give people the freedom to choose their own demise absent bullshit?
get this clear in your head.. govt is not obligated to provide you any space to pray.. you chose a religion to follow, you buy/find your own space.. why should you be given space at public cost? pray at home like muslim women do.. they dont pray in public. embeddedurl
i suppose i have to make myself. i do not love the united states because of the ideology of their founders or the dying civil religion derived from it. i do not love them because they are supposedly the “shining city on a hill,” or “the last best hope of mankind.” i love them
geostylegeo hence, no religion.
titusbrotherdoe oh you got to the religion arc lol
people who live in blue cities/states are shocked and appalled that people in red cities/states aren't playing the covid game anymore. it's their religion now.
northerners are in shackles of ethnic and religion, but they don’t even know it yet. they are so close minded. i think their problem is not realizing their reality, yet, they think their fellow brothers love them because they practice the same religion. embeddedurl
"want forgiveness? get religion" embeddedurl
...involved in therapy either). similarly, the extremist who literally murders people because of their beliefs doesn't get the same response as the person who, say, has different beliefs than you about the role of religion in government. but i feel fairly confident...
‘even trump’ is trending. seriously? is anyone surprised that trump would do anything possible to save his own ass. i bet he’s a member of every religion going ‘just to be sure’.
sirawatta definitely. they need proper education of the religion. this is what happens when you are a "label" muslim.
there is a battle going on — what shall it be "y" "christianity" shall it be jesus, son of man, son of god, or shall it be 'religion' and the power of the global elite?
rt noabsnolife: i don't believe in any religion, but i believe in jimin
themessengerﷺ there is no compulsion in religion” muhammad pbuh loves peace
ayemojubar how on earth does religion come tops in the way and how we are governed
senseithirsty well i will never bring politics , religion or race into the bedroom, friendship or sex.
hamilton's religion embeddedurl embeddedurl (recommended by calumet editions) *_
jessesingal it’s silly to pretend that the high priests peddling this religion have benevolent goals in mind. embeddedurl
how do you move on from this laurenboebert ? you can't stop being a racist, well yes you can, but you won't. it's obvious women of intelligence intimidate you, but to hide that you use religion as your weapon, you are a joke & will forever be a punchline laurenboebertissodumb embeddedurl
rt renevelation: "my religion is so batshit crazy it must be true."
roshovani all 10 gurus were sanatani's. this neo sikhism is not what gurus preached and followed. nowhere sikhism as a different religion is proposed by any of the 10 gurus. it was always called as sikh panth.
4/ ...a catholic priest named lampila tried to convert iwikau, whn rev. taylor arrived te heuheu turned to him "i have listened to this preacher of the pakeha religion, & what he has told me differs from what you, mr spencer, & mr chapman have taught me. is he right or are you? embeddedurl
evertonw sonniejohnson this is not a religion. take any single trait that you distinguish male from female and you'll find exceptions that don't fit the binary classification. think of it like a dimmer switch that very rarely is used in the dim mode. it's still a dimmer switch, not an on/off switch.
the myth of conversion remains a bogey which is used to target the constitutional right to practice, profess and propagate religion as recognized under article 25. rejectconversionbill
i feel like i’m sitting back in sunday school rather than listening to a sitting congressman speak. good to know we are nowhere close to stopping forcing ones own religion beliefs on everyone else embeddedurl
arrest_bajrangdal_goons killing of an innocent in the name of religion without any valid reason... is this hooliganism taught in the name of religion in bajrang dal? embeddedurl
sammysammsam morbidhoagie totallyunrelat1 mayudi_xo forevertahj bro get some therapy then. i'm christian and it seems like i'm more accepting of other peope's religion than you are. i don't get mad when buddhist monks ask me to meditate with them, i don't get made when i get invited to yoga y'all just wanna be mad. good luck fam
darvindevil kramprabhu sardesairajdeep religion is totally individualistic matter. it absolutely doesn’t matter how many ppl r thr in which religion..who gets converted to wht etc..any1 with slight taste of true spiritualism would know tht it’s totally within oneself completely unaffected from what’s happening outside
humagulhol obey me &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; sandamukal na religion acts
australia family stabs daughter at shopping mall. nothing to see here. the disneyland of all religions. this is the reason muslims all over the world are leaving this "religion" and turning to jesus by the millions. embeddedurl
until we divorce governance in nigeria from religion, we are not moving an inch towards progressiveness. embeddedurl
jackposobiec cawthornfornc fuck your religion
"in the united states, “hinduphobia” has become a term deployed to denounce anyone who is concerned about inequality based on class, caste, race, religion, gender, and sexuality in india." embeddedurl
soonerinf floriogina as opposed to chaotic religion? the answer is because god has designed order in everything.
rockyresistor marymatt718 handgunyoga dolly parton wisely doesn't wear her politics or religion on her sleeve. she's fine with trump and says they have things in common. “me and donald kind of have the same hair”. “[kenny rogers] does talk about the fact that i’ll just say whatever’s on my mind.”
darkfish___ hexaspects there u flash ur whatsapp id again. for ur convenience let me tell u. i donot belong to the religion u follow. and u certainly dont seem to follow my religion.
bick_mody jass9876543 nytimes there is no mentiom of religion in law....and authorities and institutions are much more secular than even europe in india...xtian lobby is much more powerful than hindus....thats why till now there was no pushback from authorities till now.
.irck_info what are some of the issues that freedom of religion and belief project has addressed? omarchai001 mensenmissie kecosce forb freedom of religion and belief (forb)” in mombasa and kwale counties seeks to increase respect and protection for religious minorities. embeddedurl
renusharmamusic hurting whole sikh communities sentiments is also not acceptable.. so the justice was served.. if anyone have problem with that please encourage people to stop hurting our religion.. failure of govts.
dear religion, if your god is real, let your god do the talking. that would be great. embeddedurl
rt aminubutish: so unfortunate that greed is our faith nowadays whereas hate is our religion, while division is our unity.
apostateafrican tratheist savag3ap3 secularoutpost isjesusalive this is why i know for a fact that materialism is wrong and we are doing a disservice by teaching such nonsense. people think religion is bunk. materialism is massive bunk and nothing worthy of value we need to make scientists better by eliminating such a myth from our science
conference on the pursuit of holiness in late medieval and renaissance religion arrived today. embeddedurl
this woman grew up straddling her family's religion and the secular world. then she had to choose. she's a writer now, and her reflections on her family life provide an insightful glimpse into the rise of the "nones." embeddedurl via huffpost
thew_merchant bakrrrrrrp adxmlfc theanfieldtalk no that’s just stupid idk what religion they’re talking about, it’s definitely not islam
fda oks every 2 months prep jab to prevent hiv; qatar bans rainbow toys; trump surrogate marjorie taylor greene calls kwanzaa 'fake religion' - towleroad gay news embeddedurl
recaredo, however, took a different stance on religion from his father. in 589, at the council of toledo, he accepted roman christianity and initiated conversion of his kingdom to the roman faith, thereby uniting the iberian peninsula in faith, at least in theory. 7/10 embeddedurl
rees-mogg's response here is an utter disgrace and the speaker is really not doing his job in letting him get away with it. smarmy quips are not acceptable answers to serious questions and his seems to have confused brexit with his rather twisted views on religion embeddedurl
"the example of gülen and hume being listed in the philosophers of religion inspires me to think how knowledge and wisdom are fruits of all humanity." embeddedurl embeddedurl
your name is sudhir chaudhary tihari . you are islamophobe . your target islam religion. you are not journalist. you spread hate about islam. embeddedurl
stevedias10 hushartushar sandeep_author shefvaidya tejasvi_surya girirajpai upword_ i would not ve been able to follow a so called religion which was responsible for genocide of my ancestors, kids and women not spared. if you still feel proud then you are ok that your your ancestor might ve been raped & witnessd one of her kids being boiled alive.
wai_dawai tiwary2021 alpozkilicmma quite idiotic of you to make judge one's religion based of one's opinion. you're disgusting. i'm a hindu, a proud one, but i do not want my religion in state's work. i want this country to be secular. period.
clarkthomas629 i am believe in dharma not in religion,religion differentiate the humans being but in this world human being believe in devine power as per there understanding human worship them from educate to illiterate person,a tribal community also worshipped them as per their understanding
terkedu tadi, kawan sama kerja, lelaki, vietnamese ask me to take off my hijab and want to see my hair terkedu taktahu nk bagi reaksi apa sampai la ada sorang sister ni cakap 'hey, its rude to ask her like that, its related to her religion.'
i came across this newsletter for a church named “kristnaashram” here in sweden. while it’s heartening to see religion prevail in godless sweden, it just might appear a tad dodgy to appropriate the sanskrit ‘ashram’ & prefix ‘kristna’ to it. just indophilia maybe? ;) krishna embeddedurl
sherbir absolutely. no condemnation of the lynching. for whatever it's worth, no religion tells you to kill a person in its temple premises
writers to explain religious creeds as a fraudulent deception on the part of the priests eager to gain power and wealth both for themselves and for their allies, the exploiters. the marxians endorsed this statement in labeling religion “opium for the masses.” it never occurred +
chandragupta258 religion is here to stay for the next thousands of years. twitter bubble i must say
munawar0018 if you take cheap shots at our religion, make derogatory jokes about our beliefs, deities, people who we lost then good that "you are done" embeddedurl what do you have to say about above videos?
nbcnews religion is a scam.
illteracy is the root cause of communal ideas the correct perspective of religion should be infused in the hearts of the people
my religion is mind your own business when it comes to my body.
jihadwatchrs religion of peace i come in peace
in better news, my sweet buddhist sister in law is asking a ton of positive and curious questions about christianity, and my now atheist (prev. christian) father in law chilled with the religion hate. there is peace on the religious end of family dynamics this year
rt bhayankerbanker: ashamed, if this is what your religion is.. i do not belong to your religion.
wasim rizvi has come back to hinduism, the religion of his forefathers. hindus must protect people who come back to our family. it is our responsibility to protect new hindus from abrahamic apostasy kiiiings. there are many more willing to come back, but fear has gripped them.
full title is "the scots afrikaners: identity politics and intertwined religious cultures in southern and central africa." this book explores the complex relationship between religion, nationalism, and ethnicity by focusing on the dutch reformed church history in south africa.
_purple_haze_x yeah i totally don't i have a religion and fanatism is one of the few things my religion taught not to do if y'all stans are salty i won't blame you but it really is unnecessary to attack and invalidate her the way y'all did, if u have common sense that should be clear enuff hm?
sttosrunner this character encapsulates everything wrong with organised religion
and that either the people in charge knew god wasn't real but kept up the pretence to persecute the vulnerable or they believed and had the carte blanche to be as nasty and vile as they want. so young me finding comics like preacher, or scouring youtube for dunks on religion...
hire us to handle your; religion homework spss algebra spss coding psychology proposal final exam ✓geometry ecology physics essay mechanics english maths excel assignments english engineering coding lab report proposals dissertations homework dm us at accuratewriting
opindia_com stop buying stuff from these shops .. any temple or pooja related material should always be bought from hindu shops. the guys who spit in their own food, who can guarantee they will not disrespect our religion or feelings if we give the power in their hands.
it’s hard to find evidence that the pandemic led to a widespread exodus from american religion. —ryanburge embeddedurl
whatsapp image 2021-12-24 at 2.44.44 pm / clickasnap embeddedurl faith in trinity religion
the “human fraternity” of rome is not a one-world religion, but a unity of religions (e.g. judaism, islam, catholicism, buddhism, etc.) that teaches “many ways to god the father” in violation of john 14:6. human fraternity of rome opposes biblical christianity.
deveral8 radical christians, with the help of rich grifters, have been able to take over the supreme court, in an attempt to make christianity the only religion in america! we need to balance the court to stop this destruction of our democracy & to maintain a church & state separation! embeddedurl
trika spoke for all of us, that's how we see and feel about[homosexuality]. u can't force us to accept such abnormal situation, u can't keep our mouths shut. it's against our religion, it's against human nature,that's our belief and we stand for it head up. we_support_abotreka embeddedurl
zackfox hasanthehun you have to look up reverend bud green of the religion of drugs. embeddedurl
frecklesxx20 nottrumpfan bandyxlee1 religion is a set of beliefs, morals and values. it needs to be judged based on the soundness of those ideas. blaming it for how a person behaves is unfair. there are nutters who claim to follow every religion.
rt equalityunited: dearauntcrabby marcorubio “true character arises from a deeper well than religion.” e.o. wilson
spccmvjc nripatunga dharma is not religion you dumbo. to understand this may be beyond your brain capacity
preetkgillmp according to this stupid lady lynching in "gurudwara" is part of their bussiness so nobody should abuse them.madam this is "khalistan brand" terrorism which is not allowed in my india.whenever there is question of "life" and "religion" right of life will come first. embeddedurl
midnightoath ulavcke_ mosalah bro no i'm just done talking about religion with you my stance is christian's aren't polytheists that is what i'm defending
trutherbleuchef alicat2329 no idea about being chosen or religion, but i do believe we’re fighting evil. never, ever believed in good/evil until now.
hayhoe: "yes, some have indeed turned it into a religion: with a set of rules that allow us to temporarily feel better about ourselves when we perform to our standards, more often guilty when we don't, and judge others who don't conform as harshly as the most legalistic religion" embeddedurl
thank you! i guess they assume if you’re not christian muslim or jewish you must be pagan. they don’t understand native americans or our traditions at all why should they understand our religion? (shaking my head so hard my brains are rattling) embeddedurl
it’s very obviously become another attempt by the conservatives to convince well-meaning christians that their religion is under attack using the most trivial of details. it’s manipulative and quite frankly pretty disgusting.
quincypop1 this is my religion. right here!
religion was created by wise men to guide mankind on more righteous humanely peaceful path but selfish ambitious corrupt religious leaders and politicians, found that it is the easiest way to misguide people to fulfill their personal ambitions. we fell into the trap. sad embeddedurl embeddedurl
prof shaheed addresses muslim leaders contesting extemist interpretations of islam by groups like daesh but also taliban. what role does this peer pressure play?! peerpressure religion
mari90525823 winterydays gbsuperstarsbts sopeologist i’m catholic... but i have respect for all religion and people’s belief but i’m tired of seeing people disrespec the catholics symbols and wave it off as joke
kgoyette i don't care about going to the us, and i don't offend my religion, islam forbids and criminalizes homosexuality. islam forbids these actions. human beings are of two types, either men or women. this is how islam came and before it christianity and judaism.
imamateen1 muslims are the pride of india, respect them as human beings, please became no enemy of any religion. religion can be reformed but killing one human being in the name religion is a shameful thought that our indian people possess. nothing is above the life of human beings.
capitalism isn’t sacred, but many defend it because of the failures of alternative systems socialism, created by marx, leaves no room for a god other than the state. marx despised religion and saw his systems as a way to overthrow it arguing “religion is the opium of the masses” embeddedurl
rohini_sgh the only thing they have to understand is if they don't respect any othe religion and it's festivals, they sure should not love, respect and celebrate their own religion. as religion teaches us to be humble and celebrate life and people in and around us...
even if it might not paint her in the best light, heather’s convo with her sister was fascinating. it’s conversations like these - the impact of religion - that really set rhoslc apart from the other housewives franchise. it gives us great insight into who mormon heather was. embeddedurl
saru27970518 actormadhavan fool love to insult other religion
dockaurg oh yes sikh religion the frontline warriors stormed the trenches while wearing their turbans for the british empire but told to remove their turbans in the legion hall but please denounce the khalistan extremists in the midst
halalarabgirl rubbish it's an evil thing. how can a religion be beautiful when it demands what you eat, dress, and pray so many times a day. it's a control of the people thing. time to wake up. look at the sky and think no one created this, just happened.
shashank_ssj sanjeevsanskrit swati_gs appreciate your good work. my thought - if they want, please have a separate law, why fiddle with existing religious laws. it should not be called a marriage. as per hindu religion marriage can happen between a man and a women also no hindu marriage rituals can be performed.
kurama86 if you had truth in you, you would have rejoiced by what i am saying. because i stand for jesus ‘the truth’ not men or religion. you are clearly blinded by the schemes of the enemy. because you worship catholicism and not the god. it’s an idolatry. you don’t see it.
mohamed61006310 rizzy13 chris4union55 sophwebsterxx human rights not based on religion should be a standard. sheep.
dr2nisreenalwan covid vaccination is new religion. that is really sad.
atheism philosophy religion embeddedurl
the country will not survive if we, the leaders don't keep religion and politics away from each other. why don't they pass the women rights bill? they have 300 members in the parliament but don't want women to rise and get the same status as men:ex-j&k cm&nc chief farooq abdullah
abulesoro the question was in no way connected to what i was saying and by the way do you have a religion ? a belief? a god or gods you worship?
chris_laudando the blue pill opens your eyes is there a better way a new religion prescribed to those without the faith
if you want to really understand the ideology behind the opponents of the assisted dying bill tune into the livestream of upper house inquiry today. embeddedurl nswpol vad assisteddying religion
[blog post] religion as a salve for existential truths: embeddedurl
imranriazkhan completely nonsense!! these are the people using religion card always. exactly, god save the country faith from these kind of people.
airieyummy itu lah pasal lepas tu kata sbb old religion buat dorang trauma. please the one that did that is the human not the religion.
edensfanclub this is my personal view of them btw i have a whole backstory abt sirius’ religion
opele go talk you say “religion is a control tool for the poor and hopeless” but people go diss am. you go wear scarf pampiii like alajo traffic go sit down make pastor abbey tell you say your vagina get shrine. embeddedurl
another case of sacrilege, this time inside golden temple amritsar. man was beaten and killed on the spot. my dear sikh friends, this can never be justified in the name religion. no action in sacrilege cases, cases on rise... etc etc still this can't be justified.
we're not in the same religion, but are feelings for each other are the same. ur my bestie, my brother and also mylove...
im_yamie at this point aku blame the artist and the designer. the designer must know one's sensitivity and we muslims are very sensitive when our religion jadi bahan fashion and so on. so pls don't just blame the artist ya semua, the designer pun salah jugak.
davidfrawleyved master dharma ------develop highest character and purity of life dharma----dont harm anybody unneccessarily ----but dont sit quiet if some body harms you unneccessarily or destroy your culture and religion. to keep quiet is adharma
"we-nourish a culture where inclusivity and tolerance are-the norm-no regard-to an applicant’s race, religion, skin colour, sexual orientation, and political belief." except priority is given to the vaxxed. which is it manningpark? inclusivity or not? embeddedurl
new religion book review theologyreviews: jon coutts, church leadership embeddedurl scm_press embeddedurl
49:16 - say: "what! will ye instruct allah about your religion? but allah knows all that is in the heavens and on earth: he has full knowledge of all things. quran
nonkosiempress marvelous_100 according to what i know that's a believe and a rule for a certain religion it doesn't apply to everyone.
warriorangelcas oh, no. not at all. religion is probably one of the most complicated things, period.
on the concept of religion and spirits, i know people who work with deities etc. there are deities who are very repulsed by such crimes against nature etc. please do not drag the deities into your little delusions they really hate that thanks
as i take off my clothes i don't like to play with the sun while i dream of a dimension where peace is a religion
one event organiser was seen asking indian army, politicians and hindus to do what was done in myanmar, referring to the violence against rohingyas, leding to their exodus. another asked hindus to pick up weapons to "protect" their religion from muslims. embeddedurl
hillaryclinton alicianzapanta there’s too many women who have no issue with this impending outcome. they (like the men) want to force their version of morality on people via their religious beliefs. they too are bullies who want to control other people’s lives based upon their “religion.”
in indian union violence against women is blamed on individual criminality rather than religion & cultural factors in the case of caste hindu males; for minority groups, it is linked to pathological cultures & religion. this is islamophobia.
asoftstar religion. which is basically an inadequate explanation for the nature of our existence and our surroundings. it was the first tremulous attempt at explanation. and like most first attempts, got it completely wrong, and now is a real threat to our continued survival.
asyounotwish they may look peaceful but their intentions towards hindus and our religion are not at all good.
francisxyzk thousands of ordinary decent people believed that the statue moved. who are you or me to make fun of them? no luck to be got from being cynical about people’s religion.
godmorningfriday fridaymotivation one world one religion "humanity" sant ramal ji maharaj ji wants to bring the world together through true worship of supreme god kabir.... embeddedurl
leftylockdowns1 this covid religion is worst than sharia. in sharia women and men can socialize separately but in covid this is forbidden.
tonycarmelo15 also what's more believable god conceived a child with a human woman or some broad cheated on her husband and created a whole religion to cover it up. and you're butt hurt over a sweater
if biafra is our religion then sacrifice monday/sunday for sit at home & see the politicians/religious leaders do the needful. the dos is very afraid of being labelled a terrorist,that's his personal opinion & we respect it, but that shouldn't hold biafrans from mounting pressure
rt kamilner: deanobeidallah freedom of religion also means freedom from religion. embeddedurl
xahamdi wait, don't tell me you're one of those people who claims to "fight" for women and children only to spend your limited brain cells attacks the religion that those women and girls value very deeply. like, imagine trying to moralise while dismissing an entire people as "zoos"
_kristine_a sorry this sounds like 80% of religion professors, any distinguishing features
imsofargone24 neiltyson wrong it's a pagan thing as is all of the christian observations. they all come from the pagan religion is some sort of way.
trader1sz peterschiff was converted to the btc religion in secret therefore we dumped
standwithus israel respects every religion to thrive & prosper in peace & harmony, merry christmas and a happy new year to the christian community may you celebrate in peace and happiness.
rt scoups_to_go: this gif is my religion actually embeddedurl
soumyadeepdas20 munawar0018 are u okay with him making fun on religion or god in the name of comedy?
pontifex_ar jesus is neither a god nor his son, he is the prophet of allah, turn from this wrong and enter islam, the true religion.
gbnews us claptrap, give us a break. no, driving us to the end times for 'muh jaysus' and evangelicalism is bonkers. take your us style religion and shove it up yer arse. little america right there ^^^^^ scottishindependence2
actualfredsmith koparafallskid wow, gobsmackingly stupid! and these are the people actively trying to infiltrate government to spread their beliefs and influence legislation. whatever happened to religion being a 'personal' thing.
suzyiam i’m an atheist. religion is a scourge & the people that sit at the top are responsible for some of the worst atrocities in history. it’s difficult to separate the 2 things because if you’re a christian but you can go against those beliefs for political gain, it’s hypocrisy.
ritikas48880615 there is nothing offensive in this. alcohol has no relationship with cast/religion/party etc...
honeygujjar9560 theshudra hinduism is the greatest religion according to whatsapp university.0 percent discrimination and no violence.
hindu festivals ki intha grand ga endhuku decorate cheyaru...? am not against any religion here.. justasking anthe embeddedurl
essenceofbhagavadgita any person who worships supreme god kabir ji, can take initiation from spiritual leader jagatguru tatvdarshi sant rampal ji maharaj ji irrespective of his caste, creed, colour, faith or religion because god has created every human being equal. embeddedurl
cgovindappa3 south esplytn will not tolerate discrimination based on caste/religion tn will fight for its statedignity wepeople of tn once again remind goi inspite of central assessment byyr team holding interim relief is highly condemnable in the coming days first voice to remove modi fm tn
the biggest lie perpetuated by society and religion is convincing folks that love has anything to do with marriage. and that the only reason why people get married is cos they "love" each other. people who love each other just love each other, marriage has nothing to do with it. embeddedurl
rt pbagchand: zarakayk tarekfatah yes it's human rights above any religion .
if i knew what i know now. i probably would’ve gotten kicked out of catholic school for “arguing” with teachers. and “failed” every “religion” course.
ndtv onreality_check vc_nalsar religion is the opium for masses
tbmini alphatoonist beerbicepsguy and according to quran only allah is supreme god no other god exists so why playing anything in ganga arti which depicts and relate something to allah we have our 33 koti devi devta why dedicating anything to other religion and beliefs
abhi_bali_ mehharshil nope. we cannot fault the other religion for how they pray. they pray together. they need large places. that’s the problem. we cannot fix any religion in the world.
mizukiyamast mashimaro77 chenchenzh i have no obligation to find supporting works for your opinions. common sense is we actually have a wiki entry on how religion had been suppressed by government since bc135. daoist, buddhists, christians, and islams, all have to bow and change before the chinese government.
pay us to handle your; religion homework spss algebra psychology proposals exams geometry ecology physics essay mechanics english maths excel geography assignments statistics english engineering criminology lab report bibliography ✓dissertations dm authenticacade1
stdcode022 ndtv without reading pl don’t make such hollow comments. al religious have a righteous intention. it’s the people who create fake narratives for power and money. let it be any religion. pl show some respect. if you don’t know then don’t assume and spread hatred.
more lunacy in the name of religion, while mister bone saw, who is married btw, copulates with hollywood actresses. in islam, the penalty for adultery is death, but who is going to impose this on him in ksa? yes, in saudi arabia this is reform. embeddedurl
rt conceptualjames: the vaccine is baptism into the religion of the new world tyranny.
little world limited (charity littleworldlimited bb4). promotion of christian religion, through christian worship, seminars, printing and distributing leaflets. email: infohorseandbamboo.org visit: embeddedurl
europa thessaloniki greece travel sergeykorenev historu culture religion eople food market architecture shop emotion art style embeddedurl
matthewcovino vounasis mate i want us to live with this thing and stop the bullshit. everything i’ve said has been right. yeah nah keep race and religion out of it fella. mr opposition leader isn’t any different either. don’t trust any of them
soup and sandwiches “aren’t really going to fly with her.” instead, shaista kazmi would pre-prepare lentils and curries for her mother-in-law every day. older immigrants often have trouble finding care that considers their language, food and religion. embeddedurl
دین_اسلام_امن_کاپیغام the greatest proof that islam is a religion of peace and security is that the allah almighty has chosen the name ‘islam’ for the religion. n0___m0re legacyleaverspakistan legacy_leavers_ irumwarraich4 j0yia_ ap__jnab embeddedurl
we need to do something about religion cus ya’ll out here sexually repressing these kids & then they grow up & become free & all they talk about, all they think about is sex. i don’t wanna hear it! just let them fuck !!
1stthes521 justinjtp freeatlast2021 gannitonya abortionchat “we keep on being told that religion, whatever its imperfections, at least instills morality. on every side, there is conclusive evidence that the contrary is the case and that faith causes people to be more mean, more selfish, and perhaps above all, more stupid.” ― hitchens
a man with mutiple offshore accounts is telling a man with nothing to forget the things of this word and focus on the kingdom of god religion is a big joke
nspector4 you commute your fundamental rights every time you take a job. you agree not to exercise (for example) your freedom of movement & freedom of speech for a certain number of hours each day in exchange for money. why is freedom of religion any different here?
whatever happened to the seaparation of state and religion in the usa?
rt paypigweakest: your new religion allah_yonit yonitism findom israeli embeddedurl
mtgreenee all religion is ..like you.
what's wrong with respecting someone's religion??
jarkamilatova sandrahelena39 certainly in regards to trans acceptance religion plays a huge part. the right-wing american christian extremists are the "drivers" of the 'gender war'. but i am not so certain that religion is the problem, but more the fact that men interrupt the religion wrongly?
now playing on embeddedurl david barton - 01 religion & the law please retweet!
i only try to hear them out when it makes sense cuz it usually varies on what they’re speaking on. i went to a temple last year and they kept talking about europe and giving the caucasian his religion back. i suspect one online i fw be finessing wit that nationality stuff. embeddedurl
even during the british rule, subjugated india was secular country, today independent india is a secular country. the new source of divisiveness is the assault of secularism on religion embeddedurl
when state uses religion as a shield for extremists agendas, incidents like that of sialkot are a result. this is just the beginning. loss of words to express my grief, anger and fear.
jaybsfan1 jaybnow_hr welcome to this new religion... embeddedurl
studentdocben i know it's amazing how gender ideology so closely resembles a cult, whoops sorry religion.
andrewkent2003 youtube that’s me in the corner, like losing my religion
aratikangester livelawindia courtunquote who asked for your opinion? the only thing that racist folks like yourself can do is divide the nation based on religion. this protest included sikhs, hindu's, and muslims. stop kissing her ass you troll
nickadamsinusa the fact that you decided to attack justin fields, a qb who is openly christian while ignoring zach wilson, a mormon qb who was selected 2, 13 spots ahead of mac makes me think that your outrage towards justin fields being drafted before mac has nothing to do with religion.
blackha50073164 sabrina82545123 domjsii ariberman lol, thank you for telling me how my religion works. loving thy neighbor doesn’t mean giving them everything they want at the expense of everyone else. that’s a child’s view of christianity.
truly fine work from aaron on men and faith and religion and remembrance. well worth the read. dadlife embeddedurl
the problem is religion used to change to adapt to humans current understanding of the universe. now people can not be seen as having visions inspired by god we call them crazy. so we leave our god (how ever you see him/she/it) by the way side expecting man to save us.
politician religion communicate main course good morning bell maymayentrata maymayentrata07 decemblessed simaymay
ggelliott1 adrianturner01 remofjacob apostatepod claudel1979 rkdoctr madcornishbiker jools6691 scientiapercept godflythe albinogoth doubledoublejon mindfuldamage maidelk heathenwombat pauledevans rtheatheist wally_wego inbybits2 drsly16 spikeinthemidge flaffenbam smoistpit galcondude bartrardo melanie33720945 ah_science malo_j barneyfife09 umfpt takethathistory hugh_bothwell greekvikingx crispycurry d1scojerrys thedukeistheman mscredentials nosciencedenial harleychill2 davidbe89445771 adhominoid 1pckt brijswijk christgodtweet sicut_lupus waragoodwarfare rodeson42 rfirethief pen_bird macbareth i did off my face agreed with him then woke up the next morning thinking wtf did i say yes to. years ago. never try discussing religion 6an after a happy techno night. lesson i took from it.
“the moslem who condemns class struggle does so not in conformity with islam, but does so either because of his ignorance of the religion, or on behalf of his selfish interests which he does not want to confess. in both cases, he is to blame.” - sèkou tourè embeddedurl
boston_cowboy abhishbanerj even for functions be it of any religion or non-religious if you are wanting to do it in a public space. special permission is required from all parties involved. so stop peddling lies just to propagate hate.
dbe451 electrikraptor claytravis and correlative is the deliberate erosion of religion and our judeo/christian heritage. not surprising. no purpose. no moral compass. no direction!
prajwalmanipal zoo_bear i am a proud hindu i go temple regularly. i have no problem with people practicing their religion. let all religions prosper.
sanjay_dixit rahulkanwal sureshchavhanke "secular" was inserted by indira gandhi during emergency so d secular state is imposed on d people. a constitution which allows state 2 exclusively interfere in 1 particular religion while keeping a distance away from all others is not a secular state to begin with.
rt veeryasorry: how weak is a religion, if it's scared of other religion praying in open?
sultanyaldirim by that logic you should start slaughtering christians in pakistan for practicing their religion as their religion completely opposes the teachings of islam as pakistan is an islamic state. did prophet mohammad (saw) tell muslims to slaughter every christian in mecca and medina?
wcbuecker is fox declaring war on christmas by not knowing anything about it and somehow confusing it with a completely different holiday celebrated by a different religion? embeddedurl
khanumarfa what's ur terror religion's contribution to the country during pandemic or for that matter any calamities in india? coz of ur tablighi (designated as gateway to terror by saudi) covid started in india, ur religion is responsible for all the tragic happening arfakanamserwani
any competent pakistani, irrespective of his/her religion, should have the right to become the president or the prime minister of pakistan.
sumtijain26 reallibran swati_gs sick religion has become so extreme
anchor_soul ducgummybuns gangstadatabase groove_sdc a21 using religion as an excuse to take ownership of the very real harms your ancestors started and you maintain. how do you maintain those harms? read through your responses. black and brown people are trying to educate you and all you can do is come back with "nu-uh."
optionalrule justinarevolut1 yeah the bar for my modern fantasy game is pretty high. the group is 5 pastors with 9 religion/theology degrees across the group. i did get to run a fun arc digging into local religions & tension between 3 factions of the same religion. also angels demons & dragon-gods cuz dnd
defiant000 people become so ugly when they judge by including religion in it, bigger sinners.
let's take the case of abuhamzaalmasri for comparision. why must the work of counter terrorism and religious extremism in china be regarded by the west as oppression against freedom of religion? do unto others as you would have them do unto you. history lessons will teach. embeddedurl
grindfacetv i'm wearing the white sweater in this video. i sent the shot of milk - he coughed at my table - that's what sparked this, not religion. this guy is a pathetic attention seeking loser. as a jew i condemn his actions. this video is fabricated and this man is a liar. unfollow
in a religion that is entirely based off of spreading love and accepting everyone, most of the christians i meet are some of the most judgmental and unkind people to be around. on behalf of them, goodness i am so sorry.
sreenivasanjain individual has the right to practise his/her religion and worship. being from varanasi, it's a proud moment for all banarasi to witness temple renovation and widening. this will help worshiper from all places easing out darshan and place to sit for dhyanam. har har mahadev !
bassammusaed andreas_krieg dsd_kings saudi arabia & the uae are a stain on the arab world & an embarrassment to the religion of islam. the sins of these fake anti islam/muslim private territories can't ever be forgotten or forgiven. they can't even be called countries cause monarchies decide on who gets citizenship.
secularism mostly has two meanings: 1) separation of govt and religion 2) respect for all religion modi and team doing just the opposite: made hinduism the official religion of the govt. and officially disrespect disregard other religions specially muslims.
one of my educated colleagues isn’t vaccinated yet and he has no further plan to do so.. as per his logic, their religion doesn’t allow the vaccination.. ..
happy st barbara’s day (lebanese halloween ) her father (z king) sent his guards to kill her after she changed religion. she painted her face, disguised, and hid in wheat fields to survive. -desserts are served, and houses hand out money not candies عيد_البربارة
here are how i think things can be changed. mormonism is a huge religion, with followers in both japan and new zealand. the church should have commissioned local artists from these places to create nativity scenes which could then be transported to the salt lake temple. 9/n
mommymycelium no bruh that sucks i have to submit my portfolio in 5 hours but my final project got ruined xoxo and i still have a religion exam and a 5 part japanese exam i didn’t study for
steph_burner now wth religion got to do with this ?
but but but we must trust bishop fauxchi. after all this is the new religion . embeddedurl
seems like my spring seminar on "aids, art, and religion in america" has turned into something more like "aids, activism, and documentary film in the us," and i'm not against it.
our pm should read what ajaz patel has said about his achievements.'i am proud of being of indian of ethnic origin and a practising muslim in religion and a newzlander by nationality.our pm should also ask his fanatic crowd to read this.
have you ever read the constitution? i don't think so because their is a statement in there that says freedom of religion you stupid convict.
i really have no more patience for transphobe/homophobes at this point. go outside and touch some grass ffs. don’t use religion as an excuse cuz that shits already been debunked and was never relevant bye
rt eboi9000: so would you all like to hear about my religion embeddedurl
they obviously don’t practice what’s being preached. if that is what’s being preached, you need to find a different form of religion. do unto others embeddedurl
drspitfire atheism being accepted just as a fact to ridicule only the hindu religion while they cannot criticize other religions!
will the prime minster justify the murder of sri lankan factory worker in the name of religion
fruity_garlic ahfufiggjcb “i tried to make my own religion three times as a child. pls write that down.
congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion embeddedurl
yashdhanuka14 my point here is not that kavad is wrong, or the lines outside hanuman mandir is wrong. in fact i myself visit both the events when they happen. the point was, india is a secular country & laws must not be made which may show that india is biased towards a particular religion.
logically_jc religion. i have no respect for evangelicals after they actually thought trump was a christian.
abcnews religion needs to be obliterated from history. especially those that protect and have protected pedophiles. know religion, no peace. no religion, know peace.
cileen11 igorkrutoy a song without words,just an angelic vocal performed in an unbelievable way by the most wonderful singer dimash dimash_avemaria a song transcended languages,religion, age and race& achieved the best success in 2021 embeddedurl dimashxkrutoy igorkrutoy x dimash embeddedurl
stpaulbikescum better than religion
virsanghvi he, his government, party, and organizations are getting maximum of corporate funds and they are utilizing these funds to promote majority religion.. so those sentiments of the people of this majority religion can be kept boiled always..cheap tactics
i'm starting to see the benefits of bottom blitzo new religion dropped
janetmuseveni kagutamuseveni god first. zechariah 14:9 gnt "... everyone will worship him as god and known him by the same name (allah) zephaniah 3:9 niv qu'ran 51:56 i did not create jinn and humans except to worship me. q3:85 and whoever seeks a religion other than islam, it will never be accepted... embeddedurl
rattypumpkin addamschloe to me, that reads as anti-religion, no?
why do the sanghis have no proper respect for other religions as compared to hindutava! is it a new religion for them besides hinduism. if not then why attach so much importance to it.radicalisation of the religion is at its best around ayodhya, kanshi & mathura its last halt.
tuckercarlson worlds largest religion is muslim lol white idiot
forgiveness in religion embeddedurl via youtube
so, in summary, it's an alt earth where the norse religion became to dominant western religion rather than christianity, and moved forward about two hundred years. whole star nation is embroiled in a forever war perpetuated by the powerful to control stuff(cyberpunk, wee).
swati_gs sikhism is now an out-and-out abrahamic religion. very little in sikhism is now connected to its dharmic roots. it has been radicalized, glorify violence, displays supremacism over others, has made blasphemy wajib-ul-qatl, and adopted other evils from the two abrahamic religions.
this holidayseason, you can have faith, be a spiritual person, and not be a fan of organized religion. it’s okay. selfcare holidaystress
no interest in the woman having to bear a bundle of cells and go through the perils of childbirth because she is privileged. this is about religion and scotus should not be changing constitutional law based on it. embeddedurl
these lot still going on about muslims not celebrating xmas and how it’s disrespectful blah blah blah. it’s shirk we can’t partake in it. that’s all there is to it. we don’t believe jesus is the son of god he’s a prophet in our religion. celebrating xmas is shirk. now go away.
james8irving8 angelosgarris denisfut_trade you can trust our services for quality, well structured and affordable papers payessay paysomeone religion homeworkhelp law algebra marketing psychology exams articles paperpay physics essaydue maths sciences geography assignmentdue infotopessaywriters247.com
govt inaction on one sided war against one religion by all other religions may force people to start settling scores causing lawlessness in the society. this is not for what people trusted you and still trust you over all other thugs.
dash_023 thejimmajors yorks_atheist pagans seemed pretty religious, just not your religion.
youth of this country are struggling without employment, prices of essential commodities soaring, people are being divided on the basis of religion, our own brothers are killed in fake encounters, it is for sanghis to celebrate such non-events. many countries hv moved far ahead embeddedurl
zoidmobov2 what religion is this guy again?
anamugenyii ppl are “disrespectful” because religious ppl / institutions disrespected and still disrespect non religious/gay ppl unprovoked so it’s understandable why religion is treated that way. and before you say “not all” it is way too common to make it seem like a rare occurrence.
blu's asscheeks are my entire religion and i wish to absolutely destroy them embeddedurl
rt prasadkj1: hindu khatre me hai. not due any other religion, but certainly by cong-bjp.
rt indusgold: just because you have converted, people can't let go of their religion.
rt edwinezeanya: i just wish when we see people we see humans, we see god, we see love. instead of tribe, race, religion, class or gender.
isrive rt_com our religion wants nothing but peace and friendship, but our enemies have chosen the path of war... this maneuver is also to prevent war and consequently peace.
sasukeuchihasu4 craigcons religion is the right plan for life. it is a right religion that conforms to humanity and the right way of life. like the religion of the prophet muhammad which is full of humanity
postliberalman1 henrywbartholo1 exmuslimsmn philomatters realatheology no, because you also have to convince them your specific religion is true which is a really hard problem in its own right.
rajeshkumar_tt 5suspended6th meenadasnarayan ashishsinghnews _vivekranjan_ narendramodi shalabhmani modiarmy manojtiwarimp isinghapurva religion is opimum to masses and sry to say your adcited bro,go for rehab.
indeed. very terrible. just looking at the rapid rates of secularization in america, and europe, tells you what a terrible religion the ricebag religion is. embeddedurl
putin says insulting prophet muhammad(pbuh) 'violation of freedom of religion' - details here - embeddedurl
alexbehunin people really follow a religion created by a guy named “l”
ironic? saw christian group citing voltaire to support their groups' beliefs like: trad family ie homophobia antivaxxers transphobic & more right-wing ideals. voltaire believed in sep of church & state,disliked org'd religion,was well-known deist. ifyoucantweetyoucangoogle
forcing religion on children is a form of abuse fucking fight me
pyari_ladki zainabakhan2 what happened to tarek when he was in saudi and what happened with her hindu husband are major personal factors affecting in their manifestation about religion. they are not enemies but liked by enemies by intrest to see religion in bad light.
philmonomer timkellernyc faith based on evidence, the authenticity of scripture and personal experience. i've never met someone who can 100% prove christianity or any religion for that matter
gulabchandraku6 sandhya_bscp poojabmks ajayawasthi108 saurabh_108 mayawati rahulgandhi yadavakhilesh arvindkejriwal umasribharti myogiadityanath sudhirchaudhary asadowaisi reservation in the country should be based on only poverty not on the basis of caste and r religion. sandhya_bscp poojabmks ajayawasthi108 saurabh_108 mayawati rahulgandhi yadavakhilesh arvindkejriwal umasribharti myogiadityanath sudhirchaudhary asadowaisi embeddedurl
studiligence the covid religion is full of very angry people. enjoy your christmas :thumbs_up_medium-light_skin_tone:
brod90212 kevine80 mjalal313 there is nothing more ridiculous than atheism. believing the universe and life came about as a result of a series of coincidences is the most stupid man-made idea ever. islam is the only religion that makes perfect sense.
ifty72597149 ctvnews canadianpm religion does not = bias of religion yes, discrimination, yes. racism, no. if it’s about the religion that’s what it is. religion & race are not the same. if you don’t want words to lose their impact, be sure to choose the right ones
madelynpryorg the difference between religion and mythology is an army.
motownman34 slangyadik jasonrapert asahutchinson organized religion has done a lot of evil. i wouldn’t be so smug.
mottj86 skynews well actually that and more deeper reasons , but those same hillbillies we see in this post are the same that want people of any other view to die , meaning race , color , personal views in religion and so on .
izhaar__ total_woke_ this is our greatness. if we wanted we would have made armies just to spread out our religion but we didn't because we accept not destroy!
re: circular to all students (regarding: students dress code); religious discrimination, infringement of muslims rights to freedom of religion: an invitation to religious crisis in the federal university of agriculture, abeokuta (funaab) embeddedurl
mohsin8866 the right to choose one’s religion is a core part of fundamental right to freedom of religion under art.25, right to dignity under art.21 and right to privacy as per puttaswamy. it ought not to be curtailed by this unconstitutional anti conversion bill rejectconversionbill
mohamedvsthewo1 raw_demiurge johnnyw76846809 papakhofski jayandrew88 faraonswt atheists don’t believe in god. everything else is up to the individual. you, ‘anonymous anti-atheist’, just have religion as your reason that is wrong. i gave multiple reasons that it is wrong. actual reasons. it’s all subjective, but that’s not a bad thing. it is what it is.
jilcoenjoyer jinx is his “new religion” because she gave him something to believe in wait
lilchiva matiostv lilchiva: "augustine knows, war is explicitly anti-christian." augustine: "for if the christian religion condemned wars of every kind [the gospel would be different]". this is the truth of the matter, the rest is spin.
avkoshy mleccha munawar0018 incindia profcong mathewmantony sumedhbgaikwad zparwal my problem is with double standards and the hypocricy, that's what the original tweet was about! faruqi is mocking a religion he is not speaking up for anyone. and btw if people flock, so called 'liberals' will start crying islamophobia
nickadamsinusa you fucking douchebags need to inject religion into everything. jesus would shun you for being a cultist trump humper that’s a bigot against other religions
ronmurpnet hakprime inumzd javedalloo karenwenlin hidrees cmaj kirstypatrick andreaslaupacis you know what's amazing is you think proponents of a religion would desperately want to see its shortcomings fixed...but instead they just pretend they don't exist
for the christian, religion is obedience to the teachings and commandments of jesus christ.
we know our christian community feels isolated but they should understand we are not allowed to wish them as they wish each other by considering jesus (p. b. u. h.) as son of god, (nauzubillah) and in our religion, shirk is the biggest sin. embeddedurl
promotes humanity as our religion and living beings as our race. he is a staunch supporter of equality. hence, he is strongly against caste system, untouchability and other forms of discrimination aim_of_santrampaljimaharaj embeddedurl
rethinking religion embeddedurl religion is man-made. freedom the precious thing in life. freedom from and freedom to. freedom from religions is what i am looking for.
sallyro47714456 thfcmxtt vg3333vg why mention religion
allow the highest bidder of any religion to open shops near temples. then boycot them. win win. tejasvi_surya hrajabjp indumakalktchi embeddedurl
ap hey, you know what else violates the olympic spirit? invading a sovereign nation and taking it over. imprisoning people because of their religion. ethnic cleansing. all very much the opposite of the olympic spirit.
the moment you condemn the incident by cursing religion along, you alienate 85% of the society, who in return, are just left to be exposed to the extremist elements, who they think, represent religion.
religion devoted to the mcdonald’s dollar menu reaches 3 billion adherrents worldwide on february 22rd, 2416
rai_saket thezionverse looks stupid, you will buy anything in the name of religion and nationalism
nnaki758 i should have said enslavement not not literal slavery. my bad.please forgive that oversight. enslavement means shackling people via ideology politics religion culture etc.
the woke cult pseudo religion is a form of mental illness. embeddedurl
merry christmas to all those who celebrate! i hope you receive one blessing after another this coming year. best wishes from armenia: the first country in the world, which accepted christianity as a state religion. embeddedurl
princearihan agree, everyone has a right to practice their religion without fear of violence, both as per constitution and hindu common customs...
1a students with snowmen they made in religion class yesterday. embeddedurl
in the name of tradition, religion and culture, we have justified, legitimate and perpetuated the most horrific acts against human and non-human animals. it’s time to stop, and it does depend on ordinary people newyear2022 newyear newyearresolutions embeddedurl
billprady hiiamhanson you're the only one who has brought up religion. see how religious bigotry worked out for your senior senator in a certain judicial confirmation hearing acb
my take about religions: people must be allowed to believe or not in any religion as long as they respect and treat others with dignity and no hate. when moses jesus and muhammad come back to earth for public debate i will make up my mind which religion is the best. religions embeddedurl
(part 9) reports:rolled-up_newspaper:indicate many are turning away from religion. not hard to see why. i am moses or noah = sis, weeks ’til i wed/you’re da maid of honor = father chris (young priest) wants to quiz you about us: private sat meeting = odd. iknew?? antonioguterres borisjohnson
essenviews do you mean the cancel culture religion?
"... talk us through, why is it that this form of religion seems to fit so well with slightly authoritarian nationalism?" ⁦⁦manveenrana⁩ asking the most excellent and least complicated question :upside-down_face: embeddedurl
ani hinduism: religion which is thousands of years old. had a philosophical core which is broadly syncretic. hindutva: political ideology emerging in late 1800s, fully taking shape in 1923 with savarkar. believes in division and othering for electoral and political dominance.
yaf liz_wheeler forcing religion on your children is child abuse. discuss.
venom60010186 the church at this time was extremely reactionary and worked feverishly to undo the revolution, so part of this was very forced. it's one of those things an american or englishman doesn't get in the same way, where the attitude towards religion was very different in all parties.
cbarber8712 mrandyngo beinsports premierleague forgive me but if you are a real christian you will know that lgbt is banned in your religion and god created the humanity from man and woman adam and eva. imagine if the majority of next generation are gays how can the humanity continue. i think this is a crime...
vikramsandhu83 damankour3 padmajajoshi lol classic case of whataboutery. firstly many hindu temples have facility of free food. secondly we dont advertise our religion as the sole custodian of humanity in the world who has taken to itself to feed every hungry,you do. thirdly no person dying of hunger will think of
theantifascist it means people will discount things such as religion as being fairy tales and don’t have time for it yet are completely absorbed with other forms of fantasy and fiction.
trreal ezra710word lilagracerose it's not a generalization. the church isn't a building, it's people who love and obey god. christianity isn't a religion, it's a relationship, and too many people confuse the two and have the empty religion without a fulfilling relationship with god.
it's all the same thing, but it just makes people feel better when there's religion involved.
pontifex my people have been extinguished for centuries in the name je-sus. yahuah is our salvation & the only way to eradicate this idolatry is to realize what our true heavenly father requires of us. you are the image of the father of lies. religion is a whole is for division & control
hell is not a place you go if you're not a christian it's the failure of your life's greatest ambition it's a bad decision to blindly follow any religion i don't see the difference in between the wrong and the wrong embeddedurl
arrest_bajrangdal_goons killing of an innocent in the name of religion without any valid reason... is this hooliganism taught in the name of religion in bajrang dal? embeddedurl embeddedurl
souravtwets ranjan11557301 newsarenaindia hemantsorenjmm that's exactly my point... and if christianity is so pious, why bluff poor and uneducated with perks and benefits to change religion.
religion isn't the opiate of the masses, the printed bus schedules in galway are.
yes, there's some truth in that. so isn't that enough reason to kick out (especially the foreign) religions? well, not really. firstly, the fact that whites used religion to colonize blacks doesn't mean "religion" is fake. if you're asked by your master to send food...
how about you leave the fun holiday alone, idiot. quit ruining holiday fun because you hate a religion that has nothing to do with the holiday. embeddedurl
which religion exempts the murder of a child by the father and is in the law there is no punishment where are the human rights?
henkjanstereo autumnstill15 jeffknine robschneider then science is a religion.
clim8resistance it does seem rather sad that the bbc is clearly celebrating the closure of any sort of discussion. even if you believe in the religion, doesn't it look quite sad when you see such behaviour? we laughed when russia did it? we laugh when china and north korea do it, but......??
recent incidents of mob lynching in punjab compelled me to write a poem. i also question murdêrers how they justify the murder on the name of religion? i also question those who are mum on such incidents. are they above law of land? embeddedurl
nachkari think it's more about the dominant religion of the land and the availability of time to spend with your family. most bangladeshis don't celebrate christmas, but most non-muslims celebrate eid because of those same reasons.
mywave18 asigoi koenraad_elst recommended reads: "guru english: south asian religion in a cosmopolitan language" by aravamudan srinivas published by princeton university press "the quest for the origins of vedic culture: the indo-aryan migration debate" by edwin bryant published by oxford university press
if religion never existed, we all would’ve been equal
i was born a muslim to convert parents was raised christian by my grandparents,bro kamaalwilliams was raised in a christian background and our brother ismael wearing the thobe was raised in a jewish family alhamdulillah allah guided us all to the pure religion of islam embeddedurl
amarprasadreddy shefvaidya kapilmishra_ind rajput_ramesh isinghapurva hinduecosystem_ yogidevnath2 you idiots will build temple on govt land. if govt claims it, is this how you use religion in politics? why cant bjp buy bigger land and build temple in same area? else do you have guts to go to court to question govt for this if you think what govt did is wrong? useless fellow
wiseadvice our race is living being, mankind is our religion | hindu, muslim, sikh, christian, there is no separate religion || -saint rampal ji maharaj embeddedurl
triciartpeace johnpavlovitz i agree with that but isn't that true about any religion?
africa_archives absolutely true. the british and the westerners in general should bring back our stolen heritage/artefacts. the arabs weren't any better anyway. they destroyed most of our historical artefacts using the name of their god & religion!
religion has destroyed so many minds in nigeria. the pastor said 6 birds came for a meeting in his church but god killed them and the people screamed. over 2.1bn birds migrate from europe to africa, especially during winter looking for wetlands. embeddedurl
malik00653 talhaahmad967 ...religion and every other thing in whatever they want to provide that it yield their desired result. such realism grossly ignores the byproducts and side-effects of it and these are precisely the byproducts and side effects of musharaf’s realistic policies.
nasty_woman2 it isn't religion, it is just a get rich scheme.
hinduism is the greatest. it’s not just a religion, but a way of life, that includes love, peace and forgiveness. embeddedurl
e2etaaha dragoneer etribune not sure who or what misinformed misinformation you are talking about, because i was not referring to a specific religion? maybe you care to elaborate?
stilgar and korba discussing religion with paul-muad'dib when he starts comparing himself to genghis khan and hitler embeddedurl
why haven't we made it so? why haven't we protected our children? why do we continue to allow a system that allows lawmakers to continue to put us in danger while they seek to gain personal wealth & power? why do we allow private money & religion in politics/government? weak embeddedurl
opara_ernest hitee_ chief...naked tweets like his (without reference or proper context ) is how falsehood spread on sm..from religion to politics ..his post has over 700 likes and retweets..( just like that,no questions asked ).. imagine the herd mentality.
huss_einn 702840 dustkn_ its_menieb would you be this angry at the bible being on the floor? thats a “holy book” as well, but you wouldn’t care because it isn’t your religion. just get over it, god isnt real and he didn’t write a book
my research on religion and immigrant political participation on dagen by zettermanjacob! embeddedurl
the_hindu sherryontopp honestly , someone should file a case on your beyond ridiculous statement. which religion teaches such violence ... obviously u think nothing of legal process. your intent seems just to provoke and sensationalise
mayorben4bflo markpoloncarz your wife chooses to quit instead of getting a vaccine that makes the community and that hospital safer. what kind of “religion” is that? maga isn’t a legit religion. her choice. face the consequences. getvaccinatednow
govindgovind sonaliranade when religion, region and reason separate individuals, they become faceless despite having unique faces. a practice that was laid down in ancient times, still prevails, the law of karma just fails.
its__lily_ hayatzehabesha you seem highly sensitive to amhara being mentioned but this isn’t about the average amhara rather the evil destruction that has taken place over the ideological differences between a unitary ethiopia ( one language, one culture, one religion where amhara remain the privileged)
themahirakhan imrankhanpti mahira ji, you seem to be a good person but as long as pakistan is not hindu, there is no hope. i advise all pakistanis to go back to their ancient religion and do away with the desert cult.
rt thecanadiandav1: albanymatteo maximebernier rebeccahahnppc science is your religion and covidian is your denomination.
gopleader the rino's, pro china, quite on religion, pro high gas and oil prices. too many never trumpers. too many of those new northern oil companies bought. the new speaker must support trump and us oil independents. republican contract with america. all people equal under the law.
pay us to do your; religion homework spss algebra arts psychology proposals exams geometry ecology physics essay mechanics ✓english maths excel geography essay due assignments statistics english engineering law lab report bibliography dissertations dm us fidelitywriters
clap.... we search for the religion of the rapist , religion of the victim. we search for , whether that rapist is from ruling party or not . we ignore the fact that our morality has gone down , our education also. shame on us .clap ... watch your momma's rape . embeddedurl
lewyzou yes cuz the name of it 'christ' + jesus in our religion is a prophet and his name is 'isa' and is anothers religions day
true_spiritual_knowledge sant rampal ji maharaj ji performs devotion according to the scriptures of hindu religion. only saint rampal ji maharaj ji knows the right method of devotion on earth. embeddedurl
ann3dwards conceptualjames seasoneddirtbag triggerpod gilesudy francisjfoster konstantinkisin family and religion have to be destroyed to further the advancement of marxist principles. read some of these neo-marxist books. one of the themes is to not trust your parents.
this thoughtful woman on abcthedrum my heart goes out to her. the harm organised religion can do to vulnerable kids and adults. if the churches never use their right to discriminate - as they claim & this ladies experience refutes - why do they fight so hard to have it?
bjp4india narendramodi do you believe in hinduism? how many people have died in the river banks of up? how many defenders of dharma do you have? what religion do you play?
avnirrustemii as an albanian, i couldn’t care less about their religion; my only reason to support bosnia (and vice-versa) is the serb aggression towards them and us. it is purely interest; just the way that international relations are by its own nature. common issues bind us, not religion.
thanthitv may be this is a line out of his speech..any how such comments will not be welcomed by conservative tamil society divided by cast, sects, and religion.. particularly he shd know, parents are sending children for education not for love making and end up in disasters
theokouve orcfair about islam and gender/sexual diversity? or more about holding progressive values while simultaneously using religion to hold some '-phobic' views?
fighting back??? the whole institutions including constitution revolves around abrahamic religions and caucanism...this just shows that religion has always had the power and this is just entitlement... embeddedurl
rebel_adele blk_shrink tiredunionnurse double_zedish or, what if they had the wrong political views? we could do the same with them, right? or if they were the wrong religion, or maybe the wrong race. is that a door you really want to open?
trumwill yeah, there’s a really weird habit where people love to say behavior x is a religion, as some kind of criticism, but it’s rarely illuminating. the funniest version is when religious people use this rhetoric as a criticism against, say, atheism.
spicelette true that. religion never was under threat. people’s sinister motives are. strategicsunnah embeddedurl
jimmyquinn3 jonnybones bairfoundation couldn’t of said it better myself. the saddest part is jones hides behind religion to make himself look better or feel better about himself. he has to live with the fact his daughter begged the hotel to call 911 because her dumb father beat her mom
ok9rcvtmxetdhde theanfieldwrap lol your mentality is rotten.. allah himself showed love.. does your religion teaches you love or segregation?? besides, you can't tell him what to with his family.. stfu
ajoobaganesh deshpremidilse aranganathan72 pmoindia beating a muslim it is not necessary to apoligies for invasion history of babri.l may following the same religion & faith but not his character.we all borne on this land and we should make it happy land to live.
pathetic moronery.. govts in india take over hindu places of worship but will bend and crawl and lick to find a place of worship for others?... what nonsense!.. religion is not govts job.. its for them to find other places to pray.. not in public places.. embeddedurl
rt flordelibertad_: doja cat as a religion
goblinodds i kinda feel like therapists are evil. not to be overly religious but i’d almost rather trust a priest (any religion) because they have been socially engineering people for much longer. i worry modern common wisdom about “confronting” such problems and such can cause them...
kyshamrock721 larosos1 bleachernation i could care less about his politics as long as he competes and helps the team. i could care less about ricketts politics as long as he spends to help the team. politics and religion don't mean a thing on the field.
deepakmegeri missionkaali ravikant_netam not necessary? cheating in the name of "god" is the main purpose of that religion. that is the very reason "god" exists. embeddedurl
mental slavery affects how people see their own reality. this manipulation has always been through mainstream media, religion, and education. embeddedurl
kitchen5203 youtube dear scotus stench your god is not my god and our constitution provides for separation of church and state my church gives me agency over my own body ! faux religion is dangerous !! trying to make women into criminals ! embeddedurl
maryjamesgill officialdgispr hamidmirpak asmashirazi xadeejournalist zarahatkay_dawn zaqoutmariam andreshuesowa gatesfoundation asifaqeel azazsyed legalsubtleties wow instead of pointing out the flaws in ur country even here u blame indian caste system? just for ur knowledge christianity is a religion not a caste. india has a affirmative support system from caste which were discriminated against in past. seriousfunnyguy sanjay_dixit
check out this listing i just added to my poshmark closet: true religion men’s black brown reversible able horseshoe harness belt. embeddedurl shopmycloset poshmarkapp
pius____ i was looking for that, what religion john was that is good news
people used to mock saudi for cutting hand on stealing.., now in new india, people take law in hand and kill in name of religion... embeddedurl
ihatetdstelecom flagrantebasta1 mbones798 lewisjwr you don't give a fig about religion so you can't use that a an excuse. you are refusing to acknowledge a large portion of your community basic rights that you take for granted. so essentially your unhealthy obsession over other people's reproductive organs governs your beliefs.
nowplaying touch of my religion - júníus meyvant (rearview paradise - ep) embeddedurl
i think the loser of the byu vs liberty football game should have to convert to the winner’s religion.
pig in your barn. in my religion we consider pigs to be unclean, and i feel it would be impious of me to sleep on the same ground as one. may i sleep inside?” the farmer is frustrated, but again understand and allows the muslim in. only the lawyer is left in the barn.
rudyhavenstein a priestess of a strange religion.
mik1361 yusufmoeed fanatics are found everywhere!the canadian who mowed down a muslim family of 5,nz man who gunned dozens in a mosque.rss followers who lynch muslims & a fanatic who killed 29 in hebron!such rabid extremists are found in every religion/society!name a country that doesn’t have them?
ndtv mob??? lynched??? headlines would have been different if it was done over other religion place... though it was live telecast of the incident where the so called lynched person was going to make some scenes in the sanctum of shri harmandir sahib... and he got what he deserved
organised religion did not make me irreversibly mentally ill
natashaallway born in a in a hindu family... half of my schooling in catholic school .. graduate from a muslim place (area)... i think i know that they do not say to do profiteering in the name of their religion and put blames on each other on atheism roar like sher umar
tjaytheist gerhardlouis benuticone jerrymcphers takethatdarwin alliste35661241 4tis filthymonkeyguy thelukehackney pureredruby again why are you so intimidated by the truth? evolution is a theory and one that has many problems, the people who came up with it are all dead, jesus is alive, why do you ignore the facts to cling to the false doctrines of the religion of atheism?
some are exploiting our religion of peace & harmony for all. embeddedurl
they’ve never even met someone who knows someone who knows someone that’s won. they still play the lottery every week. they make fun of religion.
shi_fs gangstadatabase spikeinthemidge takethathistory muddypenguins malo_j jeremyfprice ggelliott1 flaffenbam waitherethen jfayesf canna420uk bringlydingle hiddenaudio mindfuldamage worstsamaritan remofjacob lapisgoat warrensm2 barneyfife09 briannazarenus truthwiththord luccaskunk letdbtellyou scientiapercept godflythe rkdoctr mucusmucous doubledoublejon crispycurry galcondude _truthswordsa onkelfester rev_deluxe maidelk heathenwombat melanie33720945 sicut_lupus bbrown24646528 andrewrchapman umfpt 1pckt smoistpit kendallshafer jools6691 adrianturner01 joemdodd85 pearspheroid apostatepod rtheatheist exactly it is very hard for people who were exposed to let’s say fundamentalist, evangelical christianity. to try to understand religion in general when they only been exposed to one.
thatericalper "in our family, there was no clear line between religion and fly fishing." norman mclean, a river runs through it
does margerine trailer-trash queen enjoy having her tweets reported? incase you missed, kwanzaa is a "fake religion"! just read her tweets! she'll let you know.
ingridcarlsson6 john316stonec90 most despotic regime us ever had was the one trying to stay in power after losing a free and fair election, enabled by lawless, seditionist thugs you falsely call patriots. "judeochristian" is not a thing. us constitution references religion twice, both times says "no."
ooye_jerry lol he’s still better than rakhi atleast he doesn’t go on religion or make up lies viewers choice umar riaz
saharareporters religion not allowing nigerians think rationally --wole soyinka | sahara reporters embeddedurl embeddedurl
drkarlynb 1/2 sure we do. i've never tried to force anyone to go to church or believe what i believe. i invite them, b mlut it's always their choice. dems want us to go to their schools, believe their interpretation of science and religion, and they censor all dissent. cont...
haha actually gonna give my take on religion religion is a net negative for society as a whole and i think it would be better to move away from it but there's no way that will realistically happen so we should instead try to push for separation of church and state a lot
kosambrri based_kashmiri ravisha17135627 imac_too sonysportsindia i’m not a congress supporter you should be clown to think all anti bhakts are congress !! if not for religious politics, modi would still be selling tea !! for bhakts, religion matter more than progress, that are even supporting a leader with fake education!!
fahad_s_ali so sorry fahad. i'm an aussie ww! i fight for all people of colour, all races, all creed! nelson mandela - "our world is not divided by race, color, gender, or religion. our world is divided into wise people & fools. fools divide themselves by race, color, gender, or religion."
a country obsessed with religion will eventually succumb to worst strains within a religion rt embeddedurl
you're not talking about 'christianity' if you're going to completely (and casually) ignore jesus and the apostles and how martyrdom is at the very core of how the religion started and spread. but go on... embeddedurl
it's not just a sport for us indians but a religion we worship. bcci cricket cricketmatch indianpremierleague indiancricketteam embeddedurl
23. no, she doesn't really have enemies. 24. delphine, the previous druid befoe her. 25. her wedding day. 26. she can be very stubborn. 27. isn't that the same as religion? i answered that already. 28. eh. -shrug- they're there. namazu are funny to her.
mexicanbrite what’s your religion?
richarddawkins your so right . anti any other religion , and anti gay rights , women’s rights . aswel as islam ,all religions are still living with a 7th century mentality .
the same religion that kidnapped and tortured indigenous children bc they had different beliefs is talking "respect people beliefs"? same same one that demonized african religious beliefs? pls be more self aware. embeddedurl
religion is when man is looking for god and christianity is when god is seeking for man , to the point of giving his only son as a ransom.
nftjuno challenging religion on this? dog or god 2 embeddedurl
drobbinz trailockgateloc georginaadlam losing his religion.
opindia_com so basically, you can speak against or defame: the nation prime minister president ministers martyrs army hindus any religion, belief, sentiments. you will get free pass from courts on the name of fos. but don't you dare to utter any word against lawyers, judges and courts.
new podcast! "14dec21 read the bible in a year" on spreaker bible bible_study christian church devotional evangelism faith god gospel holy_sprit jehovah jesus_christ ministry pastor prayer preaching prophecy religion salvation embeddedurl
majority in punjab got talent only in mocking and have no skills to analyze. that's why leaders make you fool and get away doing nothing. in addition, they will drag religion to justify their wrongdoings. religion is for our personal peace not for politics. punjabpolitics
solongbunny this sort of megachurch culture and what i know to be the underlying beliefs and expectations for people, everything under the surface? that's why i stopped being religious in high school. x3 not that i was ever strongly into religion anyway. but that sort of thing made it easy.
socialmedia has become a digital religion. or perhaps a cult in some ways. this is absolutely true on twitter, where the number of followers someone has is seemingly tied to their credibility – rather than what the actual message says. people who ... embeddedurl
i was looking forward to two of her “gender atheist” shirts! a formerly secular company refusing to print messages that deviate from the new gender religion is a shadow forecasting what lies ahead for living under an authoritarian theocracy, if we don’t break the gender spell. embeddedurl
the male lead is kuroo tetsurou, while the second one is suna rintarou. it's about different religion relationship, which ended with a sex scene. embeddedurl
steeljake2 noahpinion the bible says not to commit so the belief murder is wrong is just a religious belief? humans wrote the bible so to say that their values simply comes from religion is mentally retarded. the value of life of a baby in a womb is derived from human sympathy u moron
danproft today's day and age is the perfect time for the leaders of the catholic church to show their utility by standing up to the wokeism. many people who may not have paid much attention to religion in general of late will come running like desert travelers who've spotted an oasis.
(with all due respect incase you have or practice a different religion) may god bless your heart and soul and be with you throughout your entire recovery. may he rest his hand upon your chest and take any pain you feel (if any) away and heal you from the inside out. amen. embeddedurl
archpai muslims and christians are the dominant religion of the world. they are not different species. where us this minority word coming from?
desmondtutu has left for heavenly abode, but the kind of love he shared with the dalailama conveyed the message that love is the greatest unifier that even transcends the boundary of religion. desmond embeddedurl
rt havesabrr: “learn your religion, do not inherit it”. -imam ali
embarrassed to say that this right wing clown represents my north carolina district. religion/god/women/babies mean nothing to him. he is just pandering to the republican base. he is a disgrace to the office he holds. embeddedurl
peachxparkgae you're not allowed because of religion reasons? (i'm just curious, i mean no disrespect) purple? i like it too, but i've had it a lot already.
i am secular, applying leaves for all long weekends, religion, no bar. 2022.
abhishe99523164 friedrichpieter shahid_siddiqui of course not... nothing wrong with a video where people are saying we will kill to enforce our dictate that everyone in india can follow only the religion we say they can follow.. this is pure fascism..
the gospel is sooo much more than dos and donts. same time, the gospel does not promote lawlessness. we can't say "relationship over religion", and neglect to be intentional with our relationship towards the father. seek his desires and not just your own.
rt dhruvapandey: there was a solid reason to fight for religion 2000 yrs ago but " i don't get it why fight today" embeddedurl
ich bin noch im abstract: "harmful biases resulting from stereotyping hat propagate negative generalizations involving gender, race, religion, and other social constructs"
i totally agree. if hillsong’s a religion i give up embeddedurl
wrahimdil ide2nesia everything2win saddamuddinamin dude, you're dealing with liberals there. he's quoting yahya staquf, a 'scholars' who visited israel for 'rahma'. not to mention he is saying islam must be reformed. we are not a fucking catholic, our religion is well-preserved. we don't need liberals to tell us what to do
religion, organized religion in particular, is basically focused on spiritual matters, those relating to faith and the supreme being. once it crosses the spiritual border and enters the mundane world, a clash cannot be avoided. embeddedurl
cat power - bad religion - covers (2022)
see the two contrasts. india versus pakistan india stands for development, progress and nurturing talent. pakistan stands for setting up of terrorcamps & amassing ieds & ak47s for terror against india, brainwashing via religion war and terrorism. fatf, un embeddedurl
when we say the moon landing is fake nasa fanboys say we're blaspheming. to them it's their religion. apollo, jupiter, pluto, juno, mars, neptune, venus, saturn and uranus are the names of their gods.
we are connected in unseen ways that at times show themselves. we should not be surprised that this invisible communion goes on into eternity. almost every culture and religion gives testimony to this idea because it is such a pervasive human experience.
covidiots are those who comply like a sheep, turned this pandemic into a new religion and fraudci is their new god. novaccinemandates embeddedurl
religion poisons everything. embeddedurl
polly63207309 aquak91 peterhotez people are selfish, misinformed, and are unable to think for themselves. and i believe religion intertwined with politics is to blame.
debbieo15943734 lindyli you mean it’s only valid if the religion of the current supreme court practices it?! why that’s absurd, isn’t it?!
skzatopek ronfilipkowski no-this is the building of a protective force against a tyrannical dictatorship regime thats sold us all out to the globalists, the wef and the 'great reset' aka new world order. catch up. already building a new world religion center in 'america'. kiss ur freedoms goodbye & cheer
religion and capitalism are the biggest barriers of advancement embeddedurl
lowelsielow religion if misused can destroyed a harmony nation into broken pieces.
your mind is a superpower wyeijn truth religion mind
an entire nation stands at the edge of insanity. for a pakistani muslim, losing his religion means utter madness. embeddedurl
rt thinkingatheist: people have been fashioning their own religions since...religions. embeddedurl
joseroy anteshadah jamsadm krimkund friedrichpieter you can wake a sleeping but how can you wake a person pretending to be asleep ? these are hinduhaters. their views are one sided their brain is not yet developed to understand the core concept of multidimentions of dharmic religion
danscavino mtgreenee once again what is the official religion of america
my dad and i have a very complicated relationship involving religion and i have issues with christianity because of this, but i feel a very special sense of pride in finding out my dad stopped donating money to joel o****n two years ago.
knowmore: king ezana of axumitekingdom was the first african king to embrace christianity, after he was converted by his teacher, st. frumentius. in the 4th century ad, king ezana made christianity the axumite kingdom's official religion. tigrayisafrica tigraygenocide embeddedurl
... religion are forced to shave off their beards. in a conversation with me, many say that this event is regular. that is, i want to say that the forced shaving of beards did not start yesterday”, - said a local activist. continue to read here embeddedurl
powerless religion powerless religion
deraspindrift kawaii_tornado they are. but not because black equals bad. that’s literally just the color they are and the religion they follow. they may have had negative intentions when they were created but those have long since vanished.
then what religion is anti-black in your eyes, genuinely asking cause at this point you just saying things embeddedurl
edanring it's not "jewish terrorism". it is neo-nazi violence: a group of racists attacking a random family for belonging to the "wrong" race/nation/religion. the perpetrators should rot in prison. most jews strongly oppose such horrible crimes.
and he woke up in a panic bc he'd forgotten where he was and tried to punch our guy and broke his window and jumped out of the truck then when our guy was like "wtf" he claimed to be from some religion and blah blah but i felt real bad for our guy lol.he was just tryna help
it's simple really. globalisation is a us religion which brings some economic advantage (and depletion of resources). it also makes capital move way faster than workers. so all countries fight to attract the capital. by throwing workers under the bus.
" new religion" is pretty much in line with " pehle shauchalaya phir devalaya" philosophy of prime minister. though " new religion" wasn't required for cleanliness and hygiene; shaucha is one of the basics in yoga. embeddedurl
cchristinefair yes, when the religion followed is expansionist and supremacist
mindingottawa financecanada cafreeland senateca anyone believe that people, regardless of sex, race, color, religion or political affiliation are any more ethical than 'white men' when they reach the heights? pas moi embeddedurl
atheist_globe simples18790446 i raised my daughter without religion, though i explained to her what it was and that there were many who claimed to have the “answer.” i left it for her to figure out. she’s 23 now and doing alright without it.
iragilligan last from in school message i got showed polar express being played during anatomy class while he complained about his religion teacher. he's a high school senior. i hope it never ends.
boycott_atrangi_re stop defaming hindu religion and gods in the name of creativity and freedom of expression. where does this creativity and freedom of expression disappear when it comes to other so called "peaceful" religion. embeddedurl
jihadwatchrs killer and coward religion
so me saying it's wrong for someone to be doing something against my religion is being a weird psycho? noted. what an idiot. embeddedurl
arrest_bajrangdal_goons killing of an innocent in the name of religion without any valid reason... is this hooliganism taught in the name of religion in bajrang dal? embeddedurl
occupydemocrats are they christians? i was thinking....sadists....or maybe they have created their own religion...which includes: scumbags, misogynist, uneducated, ignorant, disrespectful of mankind and selfish individuals.
the difference between race & ethnicity (and sometimes even religion) be kicking some of y’all asses
one even talk say na muslims dey take religion as competition. my brain is aching embeddedurl
daikichi_dad especially when said religions have these as fixed rules discarding them pretty much leads to a different religion
laurasavino747 religion!
my religion embeddedurl
listening to the scary psychic lady tell my story through cards on youtube. which is at odds with the whole christianity-as-a-religion thing, i understand.
mishtal bbc full taqiya mode bbc. the uk has succumbed to islamisization. don't expect anything but lies and glorification of it's new found religion.
bcool333 make those churches which are trying to force women to bear unwanted children because of their religion pay for all costs to raise/educate/etc those children. not the taxpayers, but them. let them put their money where their mouths and "faith" are. you want those kids? then pay!
deeeeejayyyyyyy imrankhanpti guess the religion who burn their women's alive. embeddedurl
headbangpreach aga_agron oxfordfootbali almost every war in history was started because of religion. keep it out of everything except your own personal life so no one else has to suffer through your high horse innuendos .
bdb08 asokemazumder rajatkmishra1 there is no any religion which is eternal not even human civilization is eternal,,,,you have been living with a thought for years that hindusim or sanatan dharma is eternal.. there was no sanatan dharm before humans and will not after humans. think think think think.
no person, religion, belief system can take away your body autonomy. it's a woman body, and no one can demand the use of her body for anything. not even a fetus. embeddedurl
designedlee twose_brian zurginfinity thetimes that's just an opinion, subjective, u think ur taking an objective stance it's not, from ur perspective it seems right,to a muslim or christian obviously they would want to have a focus on their religion. that of course doesn't mean no exposure to other stuff.
mrunknwn_ you are right! it has nothing to do with islam. today's most of the muslims have nothing to do with islam. treating the weak like a shit in the name of , democracy, ethnicity or religion needs to be stopped. aisay waqiyat say musalmaaanon say zyadah mazhab badnaam hota hai.
we are victims of cultural and religious scam. *study and know religion properly. embeddedurl
religion is the biggest scam embeddedurl
religion was created by humans for brainwashing of the masses.
here in egypt we have a traditions about ramadan doesn't relate to the religion at all but we do it.. i see the tree like a traditional thing.. pple get pics with it every where in egypt why mo would be different
fuck religion and land wars that separated us
sefunmioladumia tandox12 mav_70912 wamagaisa did the religion start with him?
bruce_haigh my guess: sjm has very strong belief in a thing he calls "god" not of christian religion or consistent with biblical teaching "god" of hillsong / sjm is egos & desire writ large self-delusion at best words & deeds must align: big msg of fatherbob jc preached humility
the most insightful quote in this piece comes towards the end: in france, unlike in the us, the perception is that immigration is linked to religion; and immigrant populations are concentrated in large urban areas. embeddedurl
sj80507589 ghaznavid1995 yemenarmyeng that day may come when enpugh brain cell matter replaces the dust within your cranium for you to realize, you make your religion, country , and parentage the laughing stock of the world
lmaooooo two can play that game. tell your mother to teach whatever the hell you are manners to respect other races and religion la lmaoooo sco*ter bra*un behaviour wbk deffo on bleach fr fr stream 30 by adele to lose the tomfoolery periodt embeddedurl embeddedurl
a sure sign there are going to be major disclosures about extraterrestrial life in 2022. nasa knows et disclosure will rock the foundations of religion and science & is taking preemptive action. nasa hired 24 theologians to study human reaction to aliens: embeddedurl
johnmclanne meekdbiochemist gigi_nixon ukwuezechinedu if we all die and there's nothing like heaven or hell fire na religion people e go shock pass follow back tho
dude first respect all the religion 2nd never challenge the god,thats it,thats the tweet. embeddedurl
kresysiberia turanism isn’t a religion )) it’s a belief of ethnic and historical unity of all turkic people. even tengriism isn’t a religion. it’s a philosophy, culture that has emerged from ancient belief. and yes, both are re-emerging massively
when i read the diary of anne, i realised how genocides are incredibly similar in that they create a climate of widespread fear among the victim populations, since they are systematically destroyed and persecuted only based on their ethnicity or religion. embeddedurl
i don't care what your religion ,caste ,skin colour ,height ,weight ,political views are , i ignore everyone equally
ksaexpo2020 hello request please help me $4 million dollars my mother ko blood cancers ha name: shahzib soomro father name :zaheeruddin religion: islam city: shikarpur country: pakistan js bank account number :pk10jsbl9116000001492150 zaheeruddin soomro sindh pakistan
oncoalert aftimosp agz_eriksson jfreemandaily double_whammied kamacintosh manjuggm tony_calles marianabrandao0 maryam_lustberg erikahamilton9 montypal charlesswanton e_de_azambuja jackwestmd sharp_lena gary_lyman helitropen bensolomon1 ibcresearch as we are heading for vacations (i hope), let's spread some special global :globe_showing_europe-africa: cheer. whatever your religion, teach us your holiday or winter lighting traditions & bring special joy to twitter! neerajaiims lauramarandino aparna96
fiercefemale2 religion and poetry are intimately related.
never trust a man who doesn't believe in the exclusivity of his religion
look for people who have religion, character & conduct.
check out true religion jeans made in usa billy style 10572 shade k size 29 embeddedurl ebay
artorcato jst_chill_out thomasjflannery why have you named yourself agnelaronitatorcato? secular name is it? you people fool innocent people in name of religion & convert. 10 commandments are disobeyed by all of you. converting people by telling lies. steal government land by planting cross or shrines
roukhashlam mycojonathan he is a chronic liar who blocked me when i asked him for evidence for his claims. he claimed that he served in the united states marine corps & had a degree in compartive religion from yale. please ask him about those too.
shivvamm8 we're all inherently oppressors... whether it's religion, caste, gender, etc. it's best to be aware of your actions :thumbs_up_medium-light_skin_tone:
shocking not strong enough-i thought i would take a look at this man’s history & wish i had not. apparently a sexual predator, with history of lying, little business acumen & links to far right/white supremacy. how dare he use his religion to deny women rights over their bodies embeddedurl
if i had a religion, kirsty would be involved. she's in the great algorithm.
unclesnotty mysogyny, social conservatism and a fear of anything someone tells them is socialism. oh, and brainwashing through religion.
royalfamily please helping $4 million dollars my mother ko blood cancers ha name: shahzib soomro father name :zaheeruddin religion: islam city: shikarpur country: pakistan js bank account number :pk10jsbl9116000001492150 zaheeruddin soomro sindh pakistan
sheila_seattle sortedeagle christians and muslims do the same victim game. in countries where both are active, inevitably muslims turn against christians and then christians become real victims. but in india, both are focused on the religion they both demonize per their religious doctrine, hinduism.
rt ge_kaitlyn: everyone has a gender identity and pronouns. this isn’t a “woke religion” thing, it’s a people thing.
multi-religion strike of mandalay marched on the streets to protest against genocidal dictatorship despite the tight security of sac in town & demanded to participate in silent strike on dec10. cambodia_rejectterrorists dec7coup whatshappeninginmyanmar embeddedurl
vicmrodriguez dancing brazilian spidermen is the closest thing i have to a religion.
abhinav54239502 baadabhinav penpencildraw dear when there is no faith, there is no religion. we shall introspect the reason for conversion so as to protect the religion.
if this bill is made into law, it'll lead to profiling of voters on the basis of religion, caste, ethnicity; it'll lead to targeted campaigning on the basis of their caste & religion; and could pave way for removal of particular sections of people from the electoral rolls. (5/8)
urf7i why no fatwa from religion of peace.
jorbywrites it’s like trying to break someone from a cult religion. believers indoctrinated by the gov & media, the only path to covid redemption is through punishment of the non-believers. sad to watch people shackle themselves to false profits, while clinging to their face masks idols.
pandoozles i’m old so my choices reflect that silverstein rise against alkaline trio the used a day to remember the revivalist less than jake anti flag bad religion black flag descendants pink floyd simple plan thirty seconds to mars lights panic at the disco all time low
the religion that protects humanity is sacred, the religion that respects man as equal is sacred, the religion without castes is sacred, and it is universally accepted.dr.m.danasekaran.d.a., b.a., m.a., m.phil., ph.d., embeddedurl
rickygervais religion. create a radical fork in humanism by calling out me-ist contempt & empowerment exploitation and preaching actual kindness (tolerance of other ideals). that way you can be nailed to a cross and martyred revealing the inhumanity of humanism.
where is this church what is this religion who is that saint i'll go embeddedurl
theliberalnurse ilcitizen repmarymiller so if i’m born at 21 weeks prematurely, that’s when my rights begin. got it thanks. agreed let’s keep religion out.
when i wake up i don't like to eat clouds while i dream of a dimension where peace is a religion
today is bill of rights day commemorating the anniversary of the ratification of the bill of rights. the bill of rights are the first 10 amendments to the u.s. constitution which guarantee civil rights and liberties including freedom of speech, press and religion, (1 of 2) embeddedurl
instead of a machine, set aside the specter of religion, and empower mds to provide the same pain-free end-of-life that we provide for our beloved pets, an injection that causes an almost instantaneous loss of consciousness, and death a few seconds later. embeddedurl
religion has never been a matter of choice, it was a matter of who enslaved you. african territories conquered by arabs are muslims today & those conquered by europeans are christians. it’s not rocket science.
wkcosmo science is a religion.
brakoo sunandavashisht i haven't heard any concept of 'iishninda' in sanatan. 'dharmdroh' is a concept which arises again n again. but it is not synonymous with 'blasphemy'. it has nothing to do with the modern construct of religion at all. 'dharmdroh' was 'droh with humanity/humane values'.
what do guns have to do with religion? ccsr's media team presents the first video in the "it's useful to know" series. grad fellow madeline gambino interviews assoc director jwileylegath on her new research on concealed carry as religious practice. embeddedurl
si_lv_er first of all his party is named after a religion which is against indian election rules. and nobody dares to give a notice.
tomatoking20 guess it's related to how they view religion and it's mostly issues from their lives they never learned to deal with and what they're doing is their own way of getting back at their parents.... maybe idk i am not a psychologist and i don't get paid
bilal_ind_mum sooriks zoo_bear deccanherald everybody knows in this world, relation between hitler and the muslims caliphates usage of them in the army of hitler, using them to exterminate jews, both share the same hatred for jews international teorists tie up with a religion also cannot be unseen embeddedurl
the intellect is grout, and emotions (including religion) are a sealant.
sacrilegious_d horrible things are done because of religion be a fkn good person because it's the right thing to do not because some deity told you to
biblefactsonchristmas according to bible, god created human beings in his own image and made them as man and woman. some religion believes that god is formless, is this theory correct?? to know, watch spiritual discourses at sadhna channel at 7.30pm daily embeddedurl
throughout biden’s career title vii of the civil rights act of 1964 was amended (1977, 1981, 1991) and expanded (disability 1973, fair pay 2009) now we are told to trust biden will end discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, and national origin embeddedurl embeddedurl
ashajadeja325 there is also the issue of false religion. for example, some so called christian leaders supported world war 2, but that doesn’t mean we should reckon that christian leaders are bad all the time coz what they did is not christian. my religion should not be associated with them.
michaelzarrabi the bible is like general hospital, a different cliffhanger every verse...it just tries to get you to read more. think of organized religion as the local advertisers that profit from your continued interest.
garyberki2 mayamurful peterjarvis14 pembemzee whywouldyou_uk ajewfromjudea p3ng1z abel_balb0 phialkeeper blurbwriter thy_loaf dny1818 jaferdqd m0sstr00per israelies_21 ourighel fperez1776 wlsfargo myopinionmatts docgree10492913 slax43 robjones2019 benjamlntucker emmettimanu fredyosemite ellyngail miriaml99472550 adrienwolf13 brad_spielman realhasdaic michael__baskin botthescott iam_still_me swepal1 iq15991967 retiredjudean mabosisc erezneumark bostonbill1982 giheme angieshermua israelandstufff for_americans fishynobi ftysugar jonahivrianochi kaymanislander lfulstrael joei3urrows gary no one forgot your comments regarding islam and how hateful you were being so therefore do not speak of a religion you clearly have very little knowledge of. i doubt you ever laid a hand on a quran. i’m muslim i know what my religion preaches.
almansurmaliki faraz here states "we consider it (polygamy) generally impermissible in practice", n when refuted by ppl, he says "feel free to ask elsewhere if unconvinced", implying if ppl have option to ask others for guidance, then he has the freedom to distort religion. embeddedurl
xinhua_88 there is no such thing as freedom, only arbitrary privileges in a society. true individual freedom has no limits. when it comes to religion, i do not believe that something one person believes should be forced on anyone else, including respect.
rt oldschoolmonk: gods and religion ? embeddedurl
fl0ridagf fr and the whole “catholic school girl” using crosses as an aesthetic is so odd. people actually practicing the religion end up victims to predators bcs of them
secondringszn from a people who know a bit about genocide. over 850 years, britain took our land; forced the irish people to abandon our native tongue; tried to force us to abandon our religion; + undertook enormous genocidal operations against our people, each time "reducing" us by over half
sgogators lying is lying? this isnt elementary school man. the league and packers knew aaron’s status. the league and the bucs didn’t know antonio’s status. and was in possession of fake government documentation. religion, political views, health records are none of the media’s business.
sex education religion perversion embeddedurl
khan_tawseef_ harshwa77377781 mdsiraj36032584 don't change this conversation to hindu-muslim i have not mentioned anything related to religion in this but your comment shows chuslam= terrorism
amyathatcher the bs is astounding. religion is poison.
it is the complete truth and a word of truth spoken by the prince of hearts. this does not agree with our religion or our customs and must be boycotted we_support_abotreka
hate by any other name is hate. inciting hatred is crime. even more grave crime when done in the name of religion. haridwargenocidalmeet arrestharidwargenocidemongers
the great awakening something is coming. can you feel it? chaos demons religion embeddedurl embeddedurl
can’t wait for the next controversy to come out that takes down mary_m_cosby anyone that runs a religion like a cult should be sentenced to a life of shame. is that the reason you’re showing empathy to jen shaw because you know what’s coming for you ??? rhoslc
mcphersonazubu2 remyjaxx mister_ade5 it is not shameful for any biblical character to have many wife, the way we see religion now is far different from the way it was before. there is no place in the scripture that state a man can't marry more than one wife except if you want to be a deacon/bishop
